,t5_summ
0,"<pad> summarize: if a person comes to a hospital and determines that the individual has an emergency medical condition, the hospital must provide either for such further medical examination and such treatment as may be required to stabilize the medical condition. the Southwest border region is ill-equipped to absorb the expense of providing health care to undocumented aliens because it ranks last in the country in terms of per capita income. the unreimbursed costs associated with caring for undocumente a 5-year pilot program will be implemented by the Secretary. the program will reimburse providers for items and services described in section 411(b)(1). an alien is described in this paragraph if he is not lawfully present in the United States."
1,<pad> summarize: a grant under this section may include an implementation grant to support the cost of implementing a farm-to-school program. a recipient of a grant under this section shall be required to provide at least 25 percent of the cost of the proposed grant activities. a grant under this section shall not exceed 75 percent of the cost of the proposed grant activities.
2,"<pad> summarize: many veterans of the Armed Forces who served in the Persian Gulf War returned to normal activities. many of those veterans have experienced a range of unexplained illnesses, including fatigue, muscle and joint pain, loss of concentration, forgetfulness, headache, and rash. sand, smoke from oil-well fires, paints, solvents, insecticides, organophosphate nerve agents, pyridostigmine bromide, de Section 1117 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(2). such section, as amended by subsection, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection (b) undiagnosed Illnesses. attribution of one or more symptoms to a disability that is not an undiagnosed illness shall not preclude other symptoms from being considered a manifestation of an undiagnosed illness. "
3,"<pad> summarize: there are appropriated $13,500,000 to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services to be used to provide additional grants to state health insurance counseling and assistance programs to conduct outreach and education related to enrollment in such Medicare program. there are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010, an amount equal to $1 multiplied by the total number of individuals entitled to benefits, or enrolled, under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act Section 1860D-1(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-101(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Application for low-income subsidy. in general, in the case of an applicable individual (as defined in clause (iii)), the term <unk> applicable individual' means a part D eligible individual who has an application for an income-related"
4,"<pad> summarize: <unk> base amount' means $25,000, $32,000 in the case of a joint return. 'base amount' means $25,000, $32,000 in the case of a joint return. amendment made by subsection (2) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2001. paragraphs (b)(iv) and (C) of section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code are each amended by striking ""7012"" each place it appears and inserting ""80"" 401(a)(9) of such Code is each amended by striking ""7012"" each place it appears and inserting ""80"" b) of section 408 of such Code is amended by striking ""7012"" and inserting ""80"""
5,"<pad> summarize: the department of health and human services has been engaged in approving, on a project-by-project basis, gain-sharing arrangements under demonstration authority for nearly a decade. the department is capable of developing and applying standards for permitting such arrangements more generally without the use of such authority. the department of health and human services has issued a special advisory bulletin that indicates that there is no general authority for waiving sanctions for any gain-sharing arrangements between physicians and"
6,"<pad> summarize: president has conducted official business in the white house. he has hosted international leaders at the club. he is likely to conduct official business during his term in office. he has conducted official business in the white house. the term ""covered location"" means the white house, (B) the residence of the vice president. the term ""covered records"" means information relating to a visit at a covered location. the president shall establish, and update every 90 days, a publicly available database containing covered records."
7,"<pad> summarize: appropriations for any projects or activities of the Federal Government were conducted in the previous fiscal year. appropriations, funds, or other authority were made available in such fiscal year. appropriations and funds made available and authority granted for such project or activity shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs.Appropriations made and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. appropriations made and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to this Act may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code. no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. appropriation or funds made available under section 2(a) may be apportioned up to the rate for appropriation, fund, or authorization enacted into law. appropriation, fund, or authorization incurred if bill is contained enacted into law. appropriation, fund, or authorization incurred if bill is enacted. entitlements and other mandatory payments whose budget authority was provided in previous appropriation Acts. activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law. obligations for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after the first month in which appropriations for such programs are made under this Act may continue to be made. funds shall be available for such payments."
8,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF INDEPENDENT ETHICS COMMISSION is established. there is established an independent ethics commission within the House of Representatives to be known as the Independent Ethics Committee. no commissioner may serve for more than 5 years, except that of the commissioners first appointed, 2 appointed by the Speaker and 2 by the minority leader shall be for 3-year terms and 2 appointed by the Speaker and 2 by the minority leader shall be for 4- commission authorized to receive, monitor, and oversee financial disclosure and other reports filed by Members of the House and officers and employees of the House. alleged violation of any rule or other standard of conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, officer, or employee. to present a case of probable ethics violations to the Committee on standards of official conduct of the House of Representatives. if the Commission decides to dismiss a complaint, the Commission may issue a determination that hearings may be held and act at such times and places. a subpoena may be issued only with a majority of the Commission. a subpoena may be issued only with a majority of the Commission. dissenting members are allowed to issue their own report detailing their reasons for disagreeing with the majority vote. dissenting members are allowed to issue their own report detailing their reasons for disagreeing with the majority vote. if the Commission determines there is probable cause that an ethics violation has occurred, the Commission shall recommend appropriate sanctions to the committee and whether a matter should be referred to the department of justice for investigation. no report or recommendation relating to the official conduct of a Member, officer, or employee shall be made by the Commission unless approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Commission. unless approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Commission, the Commission may undertake an investigation relating to an individual Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives only upon receipt of a complaint, in writing and under appoint and fix compensation of such staff deemed necessary to perform duties. the commission shall be appointed jointly by the Speaker and minority leader. the commission shall be paid at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for Level III of the Executive Schedule.Clause 3 of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives is amended as follows. strike subparagraphs (1), (2) and redesignate subparagraphs (4), (5) and (6) as subparagraphs (1), (5) and (6), respectively. section 803 of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989 is amended by striking subsections (c) and (d)report referred to in subsection (a) shall be printed in the Congressional Record. a portion of the report recommending action by the House of Representatives is introduced in the House by the Speaker of the House. the resolution constitutes a question of privilege under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives.this Act shall take effect upon the date of its enactment. sections 3, 4, and 8 shall take effect immediately prior to noon January 3, 2009. this Act shall take effect immediately prior to noon January 3, 2009. if enactment is not effective, it will take effect immediately prior to noon January 3, 2009."
9,"<pad> summarize: EPA was required by the terms of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990. in a December 2000, regulatory finding, the EPA concluded that regulation of mercury from electric utility steam generating units was appropriate and necessary. in 2005, the EPA withdrew its 2000 regulatory finding in favor of a national cap-and-trade system for mercury emissions from electric utility steam generating units. MERCURY EMISSION REDUCTIONS is amended by adding at the end the following title. the term 'affected unit' means a stationary, coal-fired boiler or a stationary, coal-fired combustion turbine having equipment used to produce useful thermal energy not less than 5 percent of total energy output if useful thermal energy produced is less than 15 percent of total energy output. if an affected unit is owned or operated by more"
10,<pad> summarize:......................... the district of Columbia National Guard is permanently federalized. a member of the district of Columbia National Guard is eligible to receive financial assistance. a member of the District of Columbia National Guard is eligible to receive financial assistance. a member of the District of Columbia National Guard is eligible to receive financial assistance.
11,"<pad> summarize: medicare beneficiaries who are in need of home health services that are covered under the medicare program generally fall into 1 of the 4 following categories. the sickest, most frail medicare beneficiaries are losing access to medically necessary home health services that are otherwise covered under the medicare program. many high quality, cost-effective home health agencies have had per beneficiary limits. Section 1895 of the Social Security Act is amended in subsection (a), by striking. a prospective payment amount to be paid to a home health agency is equal to the applicable amount specified in subparagraph (B) for each fiscal year. a beneficiary described in this subparagraph is a beneficiary under this title who has experienced at least one 24-hour hospitalization within the 14-day period immediately preceding the date that the beneficiary is first provided services."
12,<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS should take into consideration the special needs of veterans suffering from PTSD. he should take into consideration the special needs of veterans suffering from traumatic stress disorder. he should take into consideration the special needs of elderly veterans who are at high risk for depression and experience high rates of suicide. sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin sen. sen. martin sen. sen. martin sen. sen. mart
13,"<pad> summarize: September 2, 1995, marks the 50th anniversary of the victory in the battle of midway. it is in the public interest to erect a memorial to the battle of midway. it is in the public interest to erect a memorial that is suitable to express the enduring gratitude of the American people for victory in the battle. the lease under this subsection shall be for a term of 99 years. the Secretary of the Navy shall pay to the United States the amount of $1 per year for each year of the term of the lease under this subsection. the Foundation shall determine the boundaries of all properties, including those comprising the airstrip on Eastern Island, bunkers, cable buildings, and gun emplacements on the Midway Atolls."
14,<pad> summarize: Section 303(b)(1)(A) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 is amended. the individual registered to vote in a jurisdiction by mail or did not register to vote in a jurisdiction in person with an officer or employee of a State or local government entity. paragraph (1) of section 303(b) of such Act is amended by inserting at the end the following. section 11 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is amended by inserting at the end the following. the amendment shall apply to violations occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act of 1965. the amendments made by this section shall apply to violations occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
15,<pad> summarize: a national program to improve the geographic competence of the general population and the school age population aims to increase students knowledge. a grantee must provide matching funds to the grantee. the grantee must provide matching funds to the grantee. a grantee must submit a subgrant for a fiscal year.
16,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of health and human services shall establish a program consistent with the provisions of this section to provide qualified residents access to discounted prices for outpatient prescription drugs. if found eligible, the federal government will fully reimburse states for reasonable costs they incur in carrying out the program."
17,"<pad> summarize: Section 2(j) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 is amended in paragraph (1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ""and"" and inserting "", and"" and ""(E) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2005, ""(F) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2006, and $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2007""Section 210304 of the DNA Identification Act of 1994 is amended in subsection (a)(1), by striking ""of persons convicted of crimes. And other persons, as authorized under the laws of the jurisdiction that generates the records, "" and by striking subsection (d) the offenses that shall be treated for purposes of this section as qualifying Federal offenses are the following offenses. the Attorney General is authorized to award grants to not more than 15 State or local forensic laboratories. each laboratory desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application containing a proposed plan to encourage law enforcement officials in localities with a DNA backlog to increase the submission of rape evidence kits and other biological evidence from crime scenes.section 2 is amended in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). in paragraph (b), by inserting "", unit of local government, or Indian tribe"" after ""State"" each place that term appears. in subsection (b), by inserting "", unit of local government, or Indian tribe"" after ""State""a proposed or existing SAFE program must be in compliance with national protocol developed by the Attorney General pursuant to section 1405 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000. the Attorney General shall give priority to proposed or existing SAFE programs that are serving, or will serve, populations currently underserved by existing SAFE programs. grants to prosecutor's offices, associations, or organizations are authorized. the Attorney General is authorized to award grants to prosecutor's offices, associations, or organizations to train local prosecutors in the use of DNA evidence in a criminal investigation or a trial.chapter 213 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""3297. Child abduction and sex offenses"" the amendments made by this section shall apply to the prosecution of any offense committed before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this section.chapter 213 of title 18, United States Code, amended by section 8, is amended by adding at the end: ""3298. Cases involving DNA evidence"" no statute of limitations that would otherwise preclude such prosecution shall preclude such prosecution until a period of time following the DNA testing that implicates the person has elapsed that is equal to the otherwise applicable limitation period. section 1201 is amended in subsection (a), by inserting ""dating violence,"" after ""domestic violence"" the term <unk> dating violence' means violence committed by a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the victim. in subsection (b), by inserting ""dating violence,"" after ""domestic violence"" forensic science services should be regulated in the u.s. and u.s. forensic science services are regulated. forensic science services should be regulated in the u.s.. forensic science services should be regulated in the u.s."
18,"<pad> summarize: Section 1902(a)(a)(41) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1396a(a)(41) is amended by adding at the end the following subparagraph. Section 1902(a)(41) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1396a(a)(41) is amended by striking ""provide that whenever"" and inserting ""provide that whenever"""
19,"<pad> summarize: the united states must reach out to other regions of the world. international volunteering opportunities are effective means of addressing critical human needs. current volunteer programs, such as the Peace Corps, remain an important component of federal efforts to promote volunteer service, cross-cultural understanding. a grant program to be known as ""Global Service Fellowship Program"" will be used to fund fellowships to promote international volunteering opportunities. grants between 7 days and 14 days may be funded at levels of up to $2,500. Applicants shall be nominated and selected for global service fellowships.the Secretary of State shall establish and implement an evaluation process. not later than March 31, 2010, the Secretary of State shall submit to Congress a report on the Global Service Fellowships Program established under section 3. the report shall describe the identity and location of sponsoring organizations.section 139B of subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 139A the following new item. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. the secretary of state shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this Act. he shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this Act. he shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this Act. he shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this Act. irssa must provide an offset for amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (a). irssa shall deposit in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts all fees it receives. irssa must also deposit as miscellaneous receipts."
20,"<pad> summarize: an immunization grantee under this section may use amounts made available under this section. a grantee may use amounts made available under this section to provide recommended vaccines to children aged 0 to 35 months who satisfy the eligibility requirements. a grantee may use amounts made available under this section to provide, through participating WIC clinics recommended vaccines to children aged 0 to 35 months who satisfy the eligibility requirements. a grantee the public health service will annually conduct a public, age-appropriate, immunization awareness campaign. the secretary will carry out immunization education and outreach activities. activities carried out under this subsection shall be timed to coincide, to the extent practicable, with national health observances. he is authorized to be appropriated, $5,000,000 for each of the 3-fiscal years beginning with the first fiscal year.SENSE OF THE SENATE CONCERNING ELECTRONIC MEDICAL RECORDS. he should work to improve the integration of immunization information systems with electronic medical records, other health information systems."
21,"<pad> summarize: uterine fibroids can cause heavy bleeding, pain, and reproductive problems. there is no known cause of uterine fibroids. there is no known cause of uterine fibroids. there is no known cause of uterine fibroids. hysterectomies account for approximately one-third of hysterectomies. director of NIH shall expand, intensify, and coordinate programs for the conduct and support of research with respect to uterine fibroids. the director shall carry out this section through the appropriate institutes, offices, and centers of the National Institutes of Health, including the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.uterine fibroids may have a high risk for minority women to develop uterine fibroids. uterine fibroids may have elevated risk for minority women to develop fibroids. uterine fibroids may be symptomatic. information on uterine fibroids will be developed and distributed to health care providers. information will include elevated risk for minority women to develop uterine fibroids. uterine fibroids may also be used to treat symptomatic uterine fibroids.""minority women"" means members of a racial and ethnic minority group. the term ""minority women"" is defined in section 1707(g) of the Public Health Service Act. the term ""minority women"" means members of a racial and ethnic minority group."
22,"<pad> summarize: federal lands Counterdrug Strategy sets forth the Government's strategy for preventing the illegal production, cultivation, manufacture, and trafficking of controlled substances on covered lands. specific Content related to marijuana eradication. the federal Lands Counterdrug Strategy shall include an analysis of the effect of Federal laws related to the management of covered lands on the enforcement of the Controlled Substances Act. Section 401(b)(5) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 841(b)(5)) is amended by striking ""five"" and inserting ""10"" if the defendant is an individual or $1,000,000 in any other case, or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. "
23,"<pad> summarize:......................... ELECTRONIC COMMERCE is cited as the ""Electronic Commerce Enhancement Act of 2001"" a pilot program will assist small and medium-sized manufacturers and other such businesses in integrating and utilizing electronic commerce technologies and business practices. the Advisory Panel shall report to the Congress on the challenges facing small and medium-sized manufacturers and other such businesses in integrating and utilizing electronic commerce technologies and business practices. if necessary, he will"
24,<pad> summarize: section 115 amended by inserting after section 115 the following new item.'section 116' applies only in determining the tax imposed for the taxable year. 'interest' includes only dividends received from regulated investment companies.
25,"<pad> summarize: short title, etc. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. combat pay as earned income for purposes of earned income credit. election to include combat pay as earned income for purposes of earned income credit. if you are eligible for combat pay, click here to see the full election if you are eligible to apply. cover tax on distilled spirits. distilled spirits are distilled distilled spirits. distilled spirits are distilled distilled spirits. distilled spirits are distilled spirits distilled distilled spirits. distilled spirits are distilled distilled. Authority for undercover operations. undercover operations. authority for undercover operations.................disclosures of certain tax return information. tax return information compiled in the tax return e-book compiled in june. a tax return holder is liable for any fraud involving a taxpayer. a tax return holder is liable for any fraud.deduction allowable with respect to income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico. deduction allowable with respect to income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico. if you are able to pay taxes, you may be able to pay a fine of $600. technical corrections to regional value-content methods for rules of origin 109-53................Subclause (II) of section 32(c)(2)(B)(vi) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2006"" and inserting ""January 1, 2007"" Effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. paragraph (1) of section 7652(f) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2006"" and inserting ""January 1, 2007"" effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to articles brought into the United States after December 31, 2005. paragraph (6) of section 7608(c is amended by striking ""January 1, 2006"" both places is appears and inserting ""January 1, 2007"" both places is appears. a new section of section 7608(c) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2006"" amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to requests made after December 31, 2005. disclosures Relating to Terrorist Activities are each amended by striking ""December 31, 2005"" and inserting ""December 31, 2006"". effective date. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to requests made after December 31, 2005.subsection (d) of section 199 is amended by redesignating paragraph as paragraph (8) and by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph. if any taxpayer with gross receipts for any taxable year are taxable under section 1 or 11 for such taxable year, then the term <unk> United States' shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Section 203(c) of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 109-53) is amended as follows. by striking ""the following build-down method:"" and inserting the following: vom ""rvc lt, greek-egt. 100"""
26,"<pad> summarize: section 561 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended by redesignating subsections (d) and (e), respectively. a covered breakthrough drug must submit to the Secretary and make publicly available the policy of the sponsor with respect to requests submitted under subsection (b)section 561 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended by section 2. it is further amended by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. in case of denial by a manufacturer or distributor of a request under subsection, the manufacturer or distributor, as applicable, shall submit to the person who made the request written notice. a report containing a qualitative analysis of the extent to which individual patients have access to investigational drugs. how the Secretary evaluates safety and efficacy data submitted in connection with such requests. how a drug sponsor takes to process such a request and to issue a decision with respect to the request and to issue a decision with respect to the request.task force will examine mechanisms for improving access individual patients have to investigational drugs pursuant to subsection (b) of section 561 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. task force shall terminate upon submission of the report required under subsection (d) of section 561 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. the task force shall completely evaluate the access individual patients have to investigational drugs pursuant to subsection (b) of section 561 of the federal draft guidance referred to in subsection (a) will define how the Secretary interprets and uses adverse drug event data reported by investigators. the final guidance referred to in subsection (a) shall clearly define how the Secretary interprets and uses adverse drug event data reported by investigators in case of data reported by investigators."
27,"<pad> summarize:.........................""Section 2302. AUTHORIZATION OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS"" the museum may solicit, hold, administer, invest, and use gifts, bequests, and devises. the museum may accept, hold, administer, invest, and use gifts, bequests, and devises."
28,"<pad> summarize: not more than 100,000 $5 coins, which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. not more than 800,000 $1 coins, which shall weigh 26.73 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. all coins minted under this Act shall be considered numismatic items. the Secretary shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act only from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. silver is used in stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. design of the coins minted under this Act will be emblematic of the scientific, educational, and cultural significance and importance of the Smithsonian Institution. on every coin minted under this Act there shall be a designation of the value of the coin, (B) an inscription of the year ""1996"" and inscriptions of the words ""Liberty"", ""In God We Trust"", ""United States of America"" and ""E only one facility may be used to strike any particular combination of denomination and quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the period beginning on august 10, 1996, and ending on august 9, 1997.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance. no provision of law governing procurement or public contracts shall be applicable to the procurement of goods and services necessary for carrying out the provisions of this Act. Subsection (a) shall not relieve any person entering into a contract under the authority of this Act from complying with any law relating to equal employment opportunity. DISTRIBUTION OF SURCHARGES unless provided in subsection (b), all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Smithsonian Institution for the purpose of supporting programming related to the 150th anniversary and general activities of the Smithsonian Institution. not less than 15 percent of the total amount paid to the Smithsonian Institution under subsection shall be dedicated to supporting the operation no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Administration Board. "
29,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 is amended in the matter following subparagraph. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect January 1, 2013. if during a Congress a Senator is a candidate for election to any office other than the office of Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress, the rate of pay otherwise applicable to the Member for any month during that Congress shall"
30,"<pad> summarize: section 1112(c)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma."" section 1112(c)(2) of title 38 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma.""section 1502(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""is 65 years of age or older and a patient in a nursing home or, regardless of age,"" after ""such a person"".the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may conduct a pilot program under this section. examinations with respect to medical disability may be made by persons other than employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs pursuant to contracts entered into with those persons. limitation. the Secretary may carry out the pilot program under this section through not more than 10 regional offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs. section 3902(a) of title 38 is amended by striking out ""$5,500"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""$6,000"" effective date of enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to purchases of automobiles and other conveyances.the death of the payee shall be (i) the last day of the month before the month during which the death occurs. in the case of a payee who has a surviving spouse, the date on which the death occurs. Section 5112 of such title is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. Section 5121a of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking out ""one year"" in the matter preceding paragraph (1). in lieu of ""two years"" in lieu of ""two years"" in lieu of ""two years""section 5313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5313 the following new item relating to section 5313. limitation on payment of clothing allowance to incarcerated veterans. section 1162 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5313 the following new item relating to section 5313. a veteran who is incarcerated for a period in excess of 60 days and is section 5(b)(2) of the Act of March 4, 1923 (36 USC. 125(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ""(A)"" after ""(2)"" the Commission may enter into arrangements with the sponsors of the memorial to provide for the repair or long-term maintenance of the memorial. there is established in the Treasury a fund which shall be available to the Commission for expenses for the maintenance and repair of memorials. "
31,"<pad> summarize: cigarette smoking continues to be the single most preventable cause of death and disability in the united states. tobacco products contain hazardous additives, gases, and other chemical constituents dangerous to health. 90 percent of adult smokers start smoking in adolescence or childhood and continue to smoke throughout their adult lives. 3,000 children and adolescents start smoking and collectively consume nearly one billion packs of cigarettes per year. the term ""federal agency"" means an executive agency as defined in title 5. the term ""federal building"" means any building or other structure owned in whole or in part by the United States or any Federal agency. the term ""minor"" means an individual under the age of 18 years.enactment of this Act prohibits the sale of tobacco products in vending machines. regulations prohibit the distribution of free samples of tobacco products in or around any Federal building under the jurisdiction of the Administrator or such agency head. if such area also prohibits the presence of minors. if such area also prohibits the presence of minors.enactment of this Act is 90 days after the date of enactment. the Administrator of general services and each head of an agency shall prepare and submit a report. a detailed list of the location of all tobacco product vending machines.enactment of this Act enacted 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactments prohibit the sale of tobacco products in vending machines. prohibit the distribution of free samples of tobacco products in the Capitol Buildings.this Act does not restrict the authority of the Administrator of General Services or the head of an agency to limit tobacco product use in or around any Federal building. if a tobacco product is used in or around any Federal building, it may be construed as a restriction. "
32,"<pad> summarize: postal service determines whether or not to renovate, relocate, close or consolidate a post office. postal service must provide adequate notice of its intention to renovate, relocate, close, or consolidate such post office. postal service must provide adequate notice of its intention to renovate, relocate, close, or consolidate such post office. postal service must provide adequate notice of its intention to renovate, relocate, close or consolidate such post office section 101(g) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the postal service will also consider the effect a new postal facility may have on the community served by the prior facility."
33,"<pad> summarize: federal laws and agency regulations have interfered with state powers in areas of state jurisdiction. federal laws and regulations should be restricted to powers delegated to the Federal Government by the Constitution. the courts should be directed to strictly construe Federal laws and regulations which interfere with State powers with a presumption in favor of State authority and against Federal preemption.if the statute interferes with State powers or preempts any State or local government law, regulation, or ordinance, that Congress specifically intends to interfere with State powers or preempt State or local government law, regulation, or ordinance. Congress must make specific factual findings in support of the declarations described in this section.the requirements of this subsection may be waived or suspended in the Senate or House of Representatives only by the affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of that House duly chosen and sworn. an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of that House duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. rulemaking is Chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 559. no executive department or agency or independent agency shall construe any statutory authorization to issue regulations as authorizing preemption of State law or local ordinance unless the statute expressly authorizes issuance of preemptive regulations. the executive department, agency or independent agency concludes that the exercise of State power directly conflicts with the exercise of Federal power under the federal statute. no statute, or rule promulgated under such statute shall be construed unless the statute, or rule promulgated under such statute, contains an explicit declaration of intent to preempt. unless there is a direct conflict between such statute and a State or local government law, ordinance, or regulation. ambiguities shall be construed in favor of preserving the authority of the States and the People."
34,"<pad> summarize: Section 702(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by striking ""Construction. For"" and inserting the following: Limitation on denial of benefits. a group health plan may not deny benefits otherwise provided under the plan or coverage for the treatment of an injury solely because such injury was sustained while engaged in any particular mode of transportation specified in the plan consisting of the use of a motorcycle, snowmobile, all-"
35,"<pad> summarize: a full, complete, independent, and impartial investigation will be conducted. the extent, if any, to which policies, procedures, or mechanisms failed to prevent the abuses. what legislative or executive actions should be taken to prevent such abuses from occurring in the future. if any, to which Guantanamo detention center policies influenced policies at the Abu Ghraib detention centers in and outside Iraq.(5) 2 members shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (5) 2 members shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. (5) 2 members shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives.subpoenas issued under this subsection may be issued under the signature of the chairman or any member designated by a majority of the Commission. a subpoena may be issued under this subsection only by the agreement of the chairman and the vice chairman, or by the affirmative vote of 6 members of the Commission. a subpoena may be issued under this subsection only by the agreement of the chairman and the vice chairman. a public hearings and meetings are held to the extent appropriate. public hearings are conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of information provided to or developed for or by the Commission as required by any applicable statute, regulation, or executive order.appointment and compensation may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions without regard to the provisions of title 5, united states code. no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. a staff director and any personnel of the Commission who are employees shall be employees under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. each member may be compensated at a rate not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5 of title 5, United States Code. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses.Exception. no person shall be provided with access to classified information under this title. the appropriate Federal agencies or departments shall cooperate with the Commission in expeditiously providing appropriate security clearances to the Commission members and staff. Exception. no person shall be provided with the appropriate required security clearance access. the Commission may submit to Congress and the president interim reports. each report prepared under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. if the Commission determines that it is in the public interest that some or all information contained in a classified annex be made available to the public.TERMINATION. The Commission, and all the authorities of this Act, shall terminate 60 days after the date on which the final report is submitted under section 9(b). Administrative Activities Before Termination. the Commission may use the 60-day period referred to in paragraph (1) for the purpose of concluding its activities, including providing testimony to committees of Congress concerning its reports.there is authorized to be appropriated funds not to exceed $5,000,000 for purposes of the activities of the Commission under this Act. amounts made available to the Commission under subsection (a) shall remain available until the termination of the Commission. "
36,"<pad> summarize: section 529 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. if a distributee elects the application of this subparagraph for any taxable year no amount shall be includible in gross income by reason of a distribution which consists of providing a benefit to the distributee if paid for by the distributee. additional tax on amounts not used for higher education expenses.Section 127 is amended by striking subsection (d) and by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (d) the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1996. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1996. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to expenses relating to courses beginning after December 31, 1996. Section 530(b)(1)(A)(iii) is amended by striking ""$500"" and inserting ""$2,000"" a new paragraph will apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1997. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1997."
37,"<pad> summarize: the term 'non-federal land' means the approximately 43,093 acres of land owned by the State. the term 'non-federal land' means the approximately 13,300 acres of land owned by the Corporation. if a construction permit has been issued, it shall be null and void. if a construction permit has been issued, a 7-year deadline or 5-year extension period shall be"
38,"<pad> summarize: BRAKE PERFORMANCE INSPECTIONS. enactment of this Act requires a brake performance inspection. a brake performance inspection should be carried out by a motorcoach service provider. britain's governing body will issue regulations.BRAKE MONITORING SYSTEMS must be issued not later than 3 years after enactment of this Act. regulations establish minimum performance standards for any electronic system onboard a motorcoach. each motorcoach with an air brake system, if manufactured after 2 years, must be equipped with such an electronic system.not later than 3 years after enactment of this Act, secretary of transportation shall issue regulations requiring that each motorcoach manufactured after the effective date of such regulations be equipped with an automatic emergency braking system. and a collision warning system. a lane departure warning system must be issued not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. each motorcoach manufactured after the effective date of such regulations must be equipped with a gross vehicle weight rating of more than 10,000 pounds.not later than 3 years after enactment of this Act, secretary of transportation shall issue regulations requiring that each motorcoach manufactured after the effective date of such regulations be equipped with a device that limits the speed at which the motorcoach may travel to not more than 70 miles per hour. regulations under sections 3, 4, 5, and 6 of this Act require that the technologies mandated for motorcoaches be tamper-resistant. and establish a process for certifying compliance with the regulations. if approved by the secretary of transportation, tamper resistant technologies are required. if not manufactured with the technologies referenced in sections 3, 4, 5, and 6 of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study on the feasibility of requiring that motorcoaches be retrofitted with such technologies. not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). not later than 3 years after enactment of this Act, secretary of transportation shall issue regulations that establish standards for the use of regrooved, recapped, or retreaded tires on a motorcoach. section 31102(b)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (X. if an imminent or obvious safety hazard is present, inspection is carried out at a station, terminal, border crossing. the term ""motorcoach"" has the meaning given in section 32702(10) of MAP-21. the term ""provider of motorcoach services"" has the meaning given in section 32702(10) of MAP-21."
39,"<pad> summarize:......................... a veteran who is receiving housing, clinical services, and case management assistance under section 2031 of such title. a veteran who is receiving assistance under section 2043 of such title. a recipient of a grant awarded under the pilot program may not expend more than $2,500 of the grant awarded if all of the unused amounts of the grant are not used pursuant to subsection (a)(1) of title 38, United States Code. a recipient of"
40,"<pad> summarize: inefficiency and ineffectiveness in federal programs undermines the confidence of the u.s. people in the government. congressional policy making, spending decisions, and program oversight are handicapped by insufficient attention to program performance and results. advocates of good government continue to seek ways to improve accountability, focus on results, and integrate the performance of programs with decisions about budgets.PURPOSE is to improve the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 by implementing a program assessment and evaluation process that attempts to determine the strengths and weaknesses of federal programs with a particular focus on the results produced by individual programs. to provide congressional policy makers the information needed to conduct more effective oversight, to make better- informed authorization decisions, and to make more evidence-based spending decisions that achieve positive results for the american people. Section 1120 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following section. director of the Office of Management and Budget shall conduct an assessment of each program at least once every 5 fiscal years. criteria for identifying programs to assess. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall take into account the advantages of assessing during the same fiscal year. Subsection (a) of section 306 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""No later than September 30, 1997"" each strategic plan shall cover the 4-year period beginning on October 1 of the year following a year in which an election for president occurs."
41,"<pad> summarize: section 1143(a)(2) of the social security act (42 USC. 1320b-13(a)(2)) is amended. it is striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting a semicolon. a statement explaining the nature of the Federal old age, survivors, and disability insurance trust funds. Section 201 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 401(c)) is amended by inserting before the penultimate sentence the following. the information described in this subsection is the following. a provision explaining the nature of the Trust Fund balances does not have any impact on the Federal Government's ability to pay benefits."
42,"<pad> summarize: the overall net income for the production of electricity increased 333 percent between 1999 and 2000. consumers are paying higher prices for electricity while profits for producers are reaching record levels. the purpose of this Act is to transfer windfall profits from the production of domestic electricity to fund assistance, in the form of rebates, for individual and business consumers.the term 'windfall profit' means, with respect to any calendar year, the average of the reasonable profit determinations made by State public utility commissions for such year as calculated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. the tax imposed by this section shall be paid by the producer selling the electricity. a trust fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there are appropriated amounts equivalent to the net revenues received in the Treasury based on the excess of the taxes imposed by section 4986. the term 'net revenues' means the amount estimated by the Secretary based on the excess of the taxes imposed by section 4986. amounts in the Consumer Utilities Turnback Trust Fund shall be available, without further appropriation the amendments made by this Act shall apply to sales after December 31, 2000. the amendments shall apply to sales after December 31, 2000. the amendments will apply if you are selling a copy of this Act if you are selling a copy."
43,"<pad> summarize: not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, secretary of homeland security shall issue regulations implementing the amendments made by this Act. if enactment of this Act is made, it will be required to comply.sections 310, 337, 338 and 339 of the immigration and nationality act are amended. the amendment does not affect the authority of any officer or employee of the Executive Office of Immigration Review (including immigration judges) to administer the oath of allegiance under section 337(a)."
44,<pad> summarize: alien described in subparagraph (b) is an alien who was convicted of one aggravated felony involving violence. an alien described in this subparagraph is an alien who was convicted of one aggravated felony that is not a serious violent felony involving violence. an alien described in this subparagraph is an alien who was convicted of one aggravated felony that is not a serious violent felony involving violence alien described in this subsection is an alien convicted of aggravated felony involving violence. he has never been convicted of any aggravated felony other than the felony described in paragraph (1). he may request the Attorney General to exercise the discretion granted under the authorities described in subsection (c)detention of inadmissible or criminal aliens is ordered removed. a decision under this section relating to the release shall be subject to review. a decision under this section relating to the release of any alien shall be subject to review by the United States Board of Immigration Appeals of the Department of Justice. 
45,<pad> summarize: Section 223 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. such benefit for such month shall be payable only to a person who is determined by the Secretary to be the surviving spouse of the deceased individual. such benefit for such month shall be payable only to a person who is determined by the Secretary to be the surviving spouse of the deceased individual. the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
46,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary's delegate shall establish and maintain an office at the Internal Revenue Service and procedures to ensure that any taxpayer whose return has been delayed or otherwise adversely affected due to the theft of the taxpayer's identity has a centralized point of contact throughout the processing of his or her case.TAXPAYER NOTIFICATION OF SUSPECTED IDENTITY THEFT is amended by adding at the end a new section. the table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. if the Secretary determines that there was an unauthorized use of the identity of any taxpayer, the Secretary shall as soon as practicable. the secretary of the Treasury will submit a feasibility study describing a program under which a person who has filed an identity theft affidavit with the Secretary may elect to prevent the processing of any Federal tax return submitted in an electronic format by that taxpayer or a person purporting to be that taxpayer. the study shall be submitted within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and should also include a recommendation on whether to implement the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary's delegate shall use the information available under the do not pay initiative established under section 5 of the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 to help prevent identity theft refund fraud.the secretary of the Treasury will report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. he will report on the extent and nature of fraud involving the use of a misappropriated taxpayer identity with respect to claims for refund under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 during the preceding completed income tax filing season. each report shall provide an update on both the average and maximum amounts of time that elapsed information sharing and analysis center is centralized, standardized, and enhanced. report will include the data that was shared, the use of such data and the results of the data sharing and analysis center in combating identity theft. report will include the data that was shared, the use of such data and the results of the data sharing and analysis center in combating identity theft. the commissioner of Internal Revenue establishes the position of Local Law Enforcement Liaison. duties include receiving information from State and local law enforcement authorities. duties relating to tax-related identity theft prevention as are delegated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. fda and fda will submit a report to congress about identity theft phone scams. the report will include a description of the nature and form of such scams. fda and fda will also submit a report to congress relating to such scams.if a taxpayer is on hold with the Internal Revenue Service on a taxpayer service telephone call the following information is provided. instructions on how to protect against identity theft tax scams. if a taxpayer is on hold with the Internal Revenue Service on a taxpayer service telephone call the following information is provided. if a taxpayer is on hold with the Internal Revenue Service on a taxpayer service telephone call the following information is provided. no additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. passed the house of representatives may 16, 2016. KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the house of reps."
47,"<pad> summarize: subsection (a) of section 25D of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term <unk> qualified biomass fuel property expenditure' means an expenditure for property which uses the burning of biomass fuel to heat a dwelling unit located in the united states and used as a residence by the taxpayer. the term 'biomass fuel' means any plant-derived fuel available on a renewable or recurring basis. Subparagraph (A) of section 48(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of clause (vi), by inserting ""or"" at the end of clause (vii), and by inserting ""or"" at the end of clause (vii), and by inserting after clause (vii) the following new clause: open-loop biomass (within the meaning of section 45(c)(3)), heating property"
48,"<pad> summarize: LOT ""A"" OF DBLR 95-08-15-0496 DESC AS BEG AT NE COR OF L 1 OF S P 89-08-08-0412 TH S ALG W MAR OF 58TH AVE E 550.08 FT TO N MAR OF FIFE I-5 OFFRAMP TH S 87 DEG 37 MIN 15 SEC W 150.7 FT TH N 03 DEG 19"
49,"<pad> summarize: section 6 of the Communications Act of 1934 is amended to read as follows. it is amended to read as follows. appropriation of appropriations. appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropriations appropri $160,300,000 and $198,232,000 for fiscal year 1995 are authorized to be appropriated. of the sum appropriated in any fiscal year, a portion shall be derived from fees authorized by sections 8 and 9.TRAVEL REIMBURSEMENT AUTHORITY redesigned by striking paragraph (2). paragraph (3) redesignated as (2). a redesigned paragraph is renamed a paragraph. a redesigned paragraph is renamed.section 6(a) of the Federal Communications Commission Authorization Act of 1988 is amended by striking ""1992 and 1993,"" inserting ""1995 and 1996"" section 6(a) of the federal communications Commission Authorization Act of 1988. section 9(a) of the Federal Communications Commission Authorization Act of 1988 is amended. it is amended by striking ""1991, 1992, 1993, and 1994"" and inserting ""1995, 1996, and 1997"" fema authorizes a federal agency to act. Section 362(b) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 154(f)(3)) is amended. it is amended by striking ""as may"" and inserting ""as the Commission determines to"" Section 5(c)(1) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 155(c)(1)) is amended by striking ""nothing"" and inserting ""Except for cases involving the authorization of service in the Instructional Television Fixed Service""section 8 of communications Act of 1934 is amended by redesignating paragraph (2) as (6). the Commission may round the modified fees to the nearest $5, in the case of fees under $100, or to the nearest $20, in the case of fees of $100 or more. the Commission may collect fees at the prior year's rate until the effective date of modifications, adjustments, or amendments under this subsection.the Schedule of Application Fees is amended by adding at the end of the part relating to Common Carrier Services the following: ""23. Personal Communications Services ""a. Initial or New Application.... 230 ""b. Amendment to Pending Application......... 35 ""c. Application for assignment or transfer of control. Section 9(a) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 159(a)) is amended. it is amended by striking ""90 days"" and inserting ""30 days"" the Commission may continue to collect any fee imposed under this section.section 4(k) of communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 154(k) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (3). a detailed explanation of any modification, adjustment, or amendment of fees. a statement of anticipated modifications, adjustments, or amendments of fees under those sections in the preceding year.section 203(e) of communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 203(d)) is amended by inserting the following after the first sentence. ""the Commission may, after inviting comment from interested parties, reject a proposed tariff filing in whole or in part if the filing or any part thereof is patently unlawful""the Commission may not require payment of a refund under this subsection unless it issues an order advising the carrier of its potential refund liability. the refund shall be paid, with interest, to the person by or on whose behalf the charge was paid. the Commission may not require payment of a refund under this subsection unless it issues an order advising the carrier of its potential refund liability. section 307(e) of communications Act of 1934 is amended by striking ""radio control service and the citizens band radio service"" in paragraph (1) and inserting: ""following radio services: (A) personal radio services, (B) aviation radio service for aircraft stations operated on domestic flights when such aircraft are not otherwise required to carry a radio station"" section 309(j)(8) is amended by adding ""are authorized to remain available until expended and"" after ""Such offsetting collections"" in subparagraph (B) all interest earned on bid monies deposited from the winning bidder shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. section 312(a) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of paragraph (6). inserting a semicolon and the word ""or"" is amended by striking out ""or"" at subparagraph (C) Section 503(b)(6) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 503(b)(6)) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subparagraph (A), by inserting ""and is not a common carrier"" in subparagraph (B), by redesignating subparagraph (B) as (C), and by inserting ""and is not a common carrier"" "
50,"<pad> summarize: a tradeable greenhouse gas offset or renewable energy credit shall be treated as qualified for purposes of this section if the Secretary of Energy certifies the generator of such offsets or credits. the term ""greenhouse gas"" includes carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and fluorinated gases."
51,<pad> summarize: section 4973 of such Code is amended by inserting after section 468B. the term 'eligible farming business' means any farming business or commercial fishing. the term 'eligible farming business' has the meaning given such term by section 3(4) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act.
52,"<pad> summarize: Exception for certain Philanthropic Business Holdings is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Exception for certain Philanthropic Business Holdings. this subsection shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a private foundation in any business enterprise which for the taxable year meets the exclusive ownership requirements of paragraph (2), the all profits to charity requirement of paragraph (3), and the independent operation requirements of paragraph (4). if the business enterprise the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013."
53,"<pad> summarize: small communities are concerned about improving the environmental quality of their surroundings. many small communities are uncertain of the specific requirements of environmental regulations. small communities are often underrepresented in processes used to review regulations proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency. small communities are often underrepresented in processes used to review regulations.PURPOSE aims to foster a healthy environment in which people in small communities may enjoy a sustainable and continually improving quality of life. PURPOSE.. this Act is to foster a healthy and healthy environment in which people in small communities may. enjoy a sustainable and continually improving quality of life. the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. the term ""advisory committee"" means the small community advisory committee established under section 5. the term ""small community"" means any county, parish, borough, or incorporated or unincorporated municipality, that has fewer than 7,500 persons. the advisory committee shall be composed of representatives of small communities and unincorporated areas of the united states. the advisory committee shall identify means to improve the working relationship between the Agency and small communities. the advisory committee shall identify means to improve the working relationship between the Agency and small communities as early as practicable.the Administrator shall develop and implement a plan to increase the involvement of small communities in the regulatory review processes conducted under chapter 6 of title 5. title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995. he will also develop and implement a plan to increase the involvement of small communities. each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall establish and staff a Small Town Ombudsman Office. the primary responsibility of each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall be to serve as an advocate for small communities and a facilitator for addressing small community concerns and programs. every 5 years, each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall conduct a survey of small communities. each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall conduct a survey of small communities. each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall publish the results of the survey.the administrator shall produce and distribute to small communities a guide to federal environmental requirements for small communities. the guide shall describe all mandated environmental requirements applicable to small communities. it will provide federal, regional, and State contacts for all such environmental requirements. the Administrator shall develop and implement a plan for periodically obtaining feedback from small communities. reaching out to small communities to provide educational and other assistance. a plan is set up to help small communities in regulatory development and implementation. the Administrator shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. he shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. he shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. REPORT. not later than the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. he shall submit to congress a report describing the regulatory review plan developed under section 6. he shall submit to congress a report describing other activities conducted in carrying out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $5,000,000............ "
54,"<pad> summarize: vacancies in the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. vacancy is filled in the same manner as the original appointment. six members constitute a quorum, but three may conduct hearings. Members of the Commission who are officers, or full-time employees, of the united states shall receive no additional compensation for their services. they shall be reimbursed for travel, subsistence, and other necessary expenses incurred in the performance of duties vested in the Commission. members from private life shall receive $200 for each day during which the member is engaged.the Executive Director may appoint and fix the compensation of additional personnel deemed necessary without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code. Compensation under this subsection shall not exceed the annual maximum rate of basic pay for a position above GS-15 of the General Schedule under section 5108 of title 5, United States Code. the Executive Director may procure personal services of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. the Commission is authorized to request from any department, agency, or independent instrumentality of the Government any information and assistance the Commission determines necessary to carry out its functions under this Act. each such department, agency, and independent instrumentality is authorized to provide such information and assistance to the extent permitted by law when requested by the Chair of the Commission.no later than 18 months following the date on which its sixth member is appointed in accordance with section 2(b), the Commission shall submit its report to the President and the Congress. 90 days after the date of the submission of its report. no later than 60 days after submission of report, committees shall act on report. committees on the Judiciary of the house of representatives and the Senate shall act on the report. the report was submitted to the judiciary of the house of representatives.there are authorized to be appropriated such sums, not to exceed $900,000, as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. such sums as are appropriated shall remain available until expended. passed the house of representatives June 3, 1997. "
55,"<pad> summarize: Schedule I Amendment. Paragraph (c) of schedule I of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act is amended by striking out subparagraph (10) by redesignating subparagraphs (11) through (17) as subparagraphs (10) through (16), respectively. a physician may revoke or suspend a supply of marihuana. he may request a quota to be granted or denies the request. he may revoke or deny the request. he may request a supply of marihuana to the office.the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 505 the following: ""therapeutic use of marihuana"" a) the approval of the Secretary shall not be required for the introduction or delivery of marihuana into interstate commerce in compliance with the requirements of sections 312 and 313 of the Controlled Substances Act. there is authorized to be appropriated not to exceed $5,000,000 for the fiscal year 1996. $5,000,000 for the fiscal year 1997. the use of marihuana is used in conducting, contracting, processing, distribution. the secretary of health and human services will procure a supply of marihuana adequate for the scientific, medical, and research needs of the united states within 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. a system for the processing and distribution of marihuana produced pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act is fully operational. "
56,<pad> summarize:.........................the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may cooperate with designated gateway communities. they may offer training sessions for elected and appointed officials of designated gateway communities at which such officials can obtain a better understanding of agency planning processes. a designated gateway community may be able to develop mutually compatible land use or management plans or policies.
57,"<pad> summarize: one in three girls in the us becomes pregnant at least once by the age of 20. girls born to teenage mothers are more likely to have learning disabilities. boys born to teenage mothers are more likely to end up in prison. innovative initiatives exist that can reduce rates of teenage pregnancy. mentor-mentee teen pregnancy reduction grant program is incorporated in section 511. no grant may be awarded under this section unless the grantee agrees that only qualified individuals will serve as mentors under this section. grantees under this section shall expend funds received under this section to the extent determined by the Secretary to be appropriate.the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to carry out a program to assume the obligation to repay a qualified loan amount for a federal student loan. the amount of loan forgiveness the Secretary provides under this section shall be equal to $2,000 for every 200 hours of service an individual serves as a mentor under section 511 of the Social Security Act in an academic year or its equivalent."
58,"<pad> summarize: the power to dispose of and make all needful rules governing lands belonging to the United States is vested in the Congress under article IV, section 3 of the Constitution. some international land designations, such as those under the United States Biosphere Reserve Program and the Man and Biosphere Program of the United Nations Scientific, Educational, and Cultural Organization, operate under independent national committees. section 401 of the National Historic Preservation Act Amendments of 1980 is amended in subsection (a) in the first sentence, by striking ""the Secretary"" and inserting ""subject to subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e), the Secretary"" and inserting at the end the following new subsections: (1) The Secretary of the Interior may not nominate any lands owned by the United States for inclusion on the World Heritage List pursuant to the Convention no federal official may nominate any lands in the united states for designation as a Biosphere Reserve. designation on or before the date of enactment shall not have, and shall not be given, any force or effect unless the Biosphere Reserve is specifically authorized by a law enacted after that date of enactment and before December 31, 2003. the Secretary of State shall submit an annual report on each Biosphere Reserve within the United States. no federal official may nominate, classify, or designate any lands owned by the United States unless such nomination, classification, or designation is specifically authorized by law enacted by the State or local government, respectively. nomination, classification, or designation, under any international agreement, of privately owned lands shall have no force or effect unless the nomination, classification, or designation is specifically authorized by a law enacted by the State or local government, respectively Section 401(b) of the National Historic Preservation Act Amendments of 1980 is amended by striking ""comittee on natural resources"" and inserting ""comittee on resources"" section 401(b) is amended by striking ""Committee on natural resources"""
59,"<pad> summarize: section 205(j)(5) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following new sentence. ""in any case in which a representative payee that is an organization, the Commissioner of Social Security shall certify for payment to the beneficiary or the beneficiary's alternative representative payee an amount equal to the amount of such benefit so misused""Section 205(j)(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 405(j)(4)(B) is amended by striking ""is bonded or licensed in each State in which it serves as a representative payee"" Section 1631(a)(2)(D)(ii)(I) of such Act (42 USC. 1383(a)(2)(D)(ii)(I) is amended to read Section 205(j)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 405(j)(4)(A) is amended in clause (i), by striking ""A qualified organization"" and inserting ""Except as provided in clause (iii), a qualified organization"" the amendments made by this section shall apply to any month involving benefit misuse by a representative payee in any case with respect to which the Commissioner of Social Security makes Section 205(j) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 405(j) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively, and inserting after paragraph (5) the following new subparagraph. a representative payee that is not a State or local government agency has misused all or part of an individual's benefit that was paid to such representative payee under this subsection Section 1129(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1320a-8(a)) is amended by striking ""(A)"" and ""(B)"" and inserting ""(i)"" and ""(ii)"", (3) by striking ""(2)"" and inserting ""(B)"""
60,"<pad> summarize: unlawful Internet sellers of prescription drugs may dispense inappropriate, contaminated, counterfeit, or subpotent prescription drugs. consumers may have difficulty distinguishing legitimate from unlawful Internet sellers, as well as foreign from domestic Internet sellers, of prescription drugs. federal agencies need additional enforcement tools to take effective action against unlawful foreign Internet sellers. the term 'interstate Internet seller' does not include a person described in subparagraph (A). the term 'interstate Internet seller' means a person who only delivers a prescription drug to a consumer, such as an interstate carrier service.health and human services secretary engages in activities to educate the public. he should educate the public about effective public and private sector consumer protection efforts. he should educate the public with input from the public and private sectors, as appropriate.the secretary of health and human services will submit to congress a report. it provides recommendations for coordinating the activities of federal agencies relating to interstate Internet sellers that operate from foreign countries. he will also submit to congress a report providing recommendations for coordinating the activities of the Federal Government with the activities of governments of foreign countries. section 303 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end the following subsection. if a person alienates or disposing of property, or intends to alienate or dispose of property obtained as a result of or is traceable to a violation by an interstate Internet seller. or for a restraining order to prohibit any person from withdrawing, transferring, removing, dissipating, the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. the authority of the secretary of health and human services to commence the process of rulemaking is effective on the date of enactment of this Act.there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as may be necessary. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as may be necessary. if necessary there is a provision for a provision of this Act. "
61,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: any United States national conducting an industrial cooperation project should adhere. kohn: if a government does not disclose a complete list of those arrested since 1989. kohn: if u.s. national does not discriminate against people with past records of arrests. kohn: u.s. national should not discriminate in terms or conditions of employment. the Secretary of State shall forward a copy of the principles set forth in section 2. he encourages members to promote principles similar to these principles. a copy will be sent to the member nations of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.registration requirement of subsection (a) will take effect 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. a fee will be required for registration if the national agrees to implement the principles set forth in section 2. ""industrial cooperation project"" refers to a for-profit activity whose business operations employ more than 25 individuals or have assets greater than $25,000. ""united States national"" means a citizen or national of the United States or a permanent resident of the United States. "
62,"<pad> summarize: a commission is established to be known as the ""Federal Election Law Reform Commission"" it is to study the laws relating to elections for federal office. the commission is intended to recommend reforms in those laws. if elected officials are elected, they will be able to vote for the presidency. vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. not more than 4 members of the Commission may be of the same political party. vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. five members shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number may hold hearings. any member of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take under this section.not later than a year after enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Congress a report of the activities of the Commission. a draft of legislation recommended by the Commission to reform the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 and any other laws relating to elections for federal office.a draft of legislation will consider the growth pattern of expenditures in elections for Federal office. the appropriateness of public financing, communications vouchers, and postage subsidies with respect to elections for Federal office. (4) possible mechanisms of enforcement with respect to expenditures in elections for Federal office, including voluntary compliance through incentives such as direct public financing. a federal election bill shall be introduced in the House by the majority leader of the House. the vote on final passage shall be on the Federal election bill of the other House. a motion to proceed to the consideration of a Federal election bill shall be highly privileged. members of the Commission shall receive travel expenses in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. members shall receive per diem in lieu of subsistence in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. TERMINATION. the Commission shall cease to exist 3 months after the date of submission of its report under section 5. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission such sums as are necessary to carry out its duties under this Act. a total amount of money is required to carry out its duties under this Act. a total amount of money is required to carry out its duties under this Act. "
63,"<pad> summarize: a dependent to whom entitlement is transferred under this section may use such entitlement. an individual transferring entitlement under this section may modify or revoke at any time the transfer of any unused portion of the entitlement so transferred. a dependent to whom entitlement is transferred under this section may use such entitlement not later than the expiration date of the 20-year period prescribed by section 16133 that is applicable to such individual. Chapter 30 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in section 3014(a) by striking ""an approved program of education"" and inserting ""a program of the individual's choosing"" Section 16131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b)(1) by inserting ""of the person's choosing""subsection 3012 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(i) by striking ""an obligated period"" and all that follows through ""in the Armed Forces"" and inserting ""for a cumulative period of at least 24 months of obligated active duty in the Armed Forces during any 6-year period"" "
64,"<pad> summarize: manufactured housing market is in the midst of a prolonged downturn. despite recession, over 30,000 manufactured home loans were insured under title I. fewer than 1,500 manufactured housing loans were insured under title I in 2006. atrophied market has resulted in an atrophied market for manufactured housing loans. section 2(a) of the National Housing Act is amended by striking ""in no case"" and inserting "". With"" and "": Provided, That with"". the second sentence of section 2(a) of the national housing act is amended by striking ""in no case"" the amendment made by subsection (a) shall only apply to loans registered or endorsed for insurance after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall only apply to loans registered or endorsed for insurance after the date of the enactment of this Act. paragraph (1) of section 2(b) is amended by striking ""$17,500"" and inserting ""$25,090,"" (2) in subparagraph (C) by striking ""$48,600"" and inserting ""$69,678"" in subparagraph (D) by striking ""$64,800"" and inserting ""$92,904"", (4) in subparagraph (E) by striking ""$16,200"" and inserting subparagraph (a) is amended by adding ""(1) Premium Charges. "" after ""(f)"" the premium charge for the insurance granted under this section shall be paid by the borrower under the loan, advance of credit, or purchase a single premium payment in an amount not to exceed 2.25 percent of the amount of the original insured principal obligation. premium charges under this paragraph shall be established in amounts that are sufficient, but do not exceed the minimum amounts necessary. Subsection (a) of section 2 is amended by striking ""on and after July 1, 1939,"" each place such term appears. c) of section 2 of the national housing act (12 USC. 1703(a)) is amended to read as follows: Handling and Disposal of Property. the Secretary may deal with, complete, rent, renovate, modernize, insure, or assign or sell at public or private sale. underwriting criteria for loans and advances of credit in connection with manufactured home or lot. enactment of this Act is not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. section 2 of the national housing Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Requirement of Social Security Account Number for Financing. no insurance shall be granted under this section with respect to any obligation representing any loan, advance of credit, or purchase by a financial institution unless the borrower to which the loan or advance of credit was made, and each member of the family of the borrower. Comptroller General of the united states will assess how the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development utilizes the FHA manufactured housing loan insurance program. he will submit to the congress a report on the conclusions and recommendations of the assessment conducted pursuant to this section not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. "
65,"<pad> summarize: a number of dual fueled automobiles manufactured by a manufacturer in a particular model year exceed the number required under subsection (a) a manufacturer earns credits under this section, which may be applied to any of the 3 consecutive model years immediately after the model year for which the credits are earned. if the number of dual fueled automobiles manufactured by a manufacturer in a particular model year exceed the number required under subsection (a), the manufacturer earns credits Section 32905(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, (2) by inserting ""(1)"" before ""Except"" by striking ""model years 1993-2010"" and inserting ""model year 1993 through the first model year beginning not less than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Fuel Security and Consumer Choice Act"" "
66,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. improvements of policies related to the use and portability of advance directives. improvements of policies related to the use and portability of advance directives.......... Medicare coverage of an end-of-life planning consultation as part of an initial preventive physical examination. a consultation is part of an initial preventive physical examination. if you have any questions, please call 1-800-457-9990.national information hotline for end-of-life decisionmaking and hospice care. national information hotline for end-of-life decisionmaking and hospice care. click here for all the details.. if you have any questions, please contact us. Increasing awareness of the importance of end-of-life planning..................Section 1866(f) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395cc(f) is amended in paragraph (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ""and if presented by the individual, to include the content of such advance directive in a prominent part of such record. in the absence of knowledge to the contrary, such a provider may presume that such an advance directive executed outside the State in which it is presented is valid. MEDICARE COVERAGE OF AN END-OF-LIFE PLANNING CONSULTATION is amended in paragraph (1). the term 'end-of-life planning consultation' means a consultation between the physician and an individual. if an injury or illness causes the individual to be unable to make health care decisions. the secretary of health and human services shall operate directly or by grant, contract, or interagency agreement, out of funds otherwise appropriated to the Secretary. a clearinghouse and 24-hour toll-free telephone hotline may also be established.the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new part. the Secretary conducts a national public education campaign to raise public awareness of the importance of planning for care near the end of life. a grant awarded under subsection (b) shall be for a period of 3 years."
67,"<pad> summarize: a defendant who is found liable may be liable jointly and severally if the trier of fact specifically determines that the defendant engaged in knowing securities fraud. if the trier of fact does not find that the defendant engaged in knowing securities fraud, the defendant's liability shall be determined as follows. if the trier of fact does not find that the defendant engaged in knowing securities fraud, the defendant's liability shall be determined as follows. the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by adding at the end a new section. ""section 36. LIMITATION ON PRIVATE RIGHTS OF ACTION shall be brought not later than the earlier of 5 years after the date on which such violation occurred"" the provisions of this Act shall apply to all actions commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. the provisions of this Act shall apply to all actions commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act."
68,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. amendments to the social security act....... amendments to the social security act... amendments to the social security act..... temporary freeze on payment increases for home health services recapturing savings resulting from temporary freeze on payments increases. recapturing savings resulting from temporary freeze on payment increases for home health services. recapturing savings resulting from temporary freeze on payment increases.initial prospective payment for home health services. initial payment for home health services. if you have any questions, please contact us at info@homehealth.com if you have any questions. if you have any questions, please contact us at info@homehealth.com.permanent prospective payment for home health services. home health services refunded yearly.................payment based on location where home health service is furnished. payment based on location where home health service is furnished. if payment is made, it will be refunded if payment is made based on location where home health service is furnished.periodic interim payments for home health agencies. elimination of periodic payments...................home health benefit under Part A and transfer of other home health services to Part B. establishing of home health benefit under Part A and transfer of other home health services to Part B. transferring of other home health services to Part B.amendments to section or other provision shall be considered to be made. if in this title an amendment is expressed in terms of an amendment to or repeal of section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to that section or other provision of the Social Security Act. Section 1861(v)(1)(L) is amended by adding after subclause (iiii). the secretary of health and human services shall not consider the amendment made by subsection (a) in making any exemptions and exceptions pursuant to section 1861(v)(1)(L)(ii) of the Social Security Act. Section 1861(v)(1)(L)(iii) is amended by inserting after clause (iii) the following: Rates for fiscal years 1998 through 1999. for services furnished by home health agencies for cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1997, but before October 1, 1999, the Secretary shall provide for an interim system of rates.Title XVIII is amended after section 1893. the Secretary may designate a payment provision for outliers. if a beneficiary elects to transfer to, or receive services from, another home health agency, the payment shall be prorated.section 1891 is amended by striking ""agency is located"" and inserting ""service is furnished"" a home health agency must submit claims for payment under this title only on the basis of the geographic location of service. the amendments apply to cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1997.Section 1815(e)(2) (42 USC. 1395g(e)(2) is amended by inserting ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (C), (2) by striking subparagraph (D) and by redesignating subparagraph (E) as (D). the amendments made by subsection (a) apply to payments made on or after the implementation of section 1894.Section 1812(a)(3) (42 USC. 1395d(a)(3)) is amended by inserting ""for up to 100 visits"" before the semicolon. Section 1841(a)(2) (42 USC. 1395d(a)(3)) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of paragraph (2). section 1833(a)(2) (42 USC. 1395l(a)(2)) is amended by adding """
69,"<pad> summarize: Section 513 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 USC. 360c(i) is amended. the term ""device in the full device lineage"" refers to a device for which a substantial equivalence determination was made leading to a substantial equivalence determination for a predicate device referred to in paragraph (1). if a device is corrected or removed from the market at the initiative"
70,"<pad> summarize: section 924(c)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""7 years"" and inserting ""12 years"" no State shall be eligible to receive funding from the Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency Prevention unless it demonstrates that the State has in effect or has implemented laws, policies, or programs."
71,"<pad> summarize: Section 170 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by striking "", until August 1, 2002"" each place it appears and inserting ""August 1, 2012"" indemnification of DOE Contractors. Section 170 d.(1)(A) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2210(c)) is amended by striking "", until August 1, 2002""Section 170 b.(1) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by striking ""$10,000,000"" and inserting ""$20,000,000"". if amended. if amended. if amended.Section 170 d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2210(d)) is further amended by striking subsection (2). he shall indemnify the persons indemnified against such claims above the amount of the financial protection required. Section 170 d.(5) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2210(d)(5)) is amended by striking ""$100,000,000"" and inserting ""$500,000,000"" Liability Limit.Section 170 p. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2210(p)) is amended by striking ""August 1, 1998"" and inserting ""August 1, 2008"". if amended, if amended.paragraph (2) is renumbered as paragraph (3). renumbering paragraph (2) is amended by adding after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph. the Secretary shall adjust the amount of indemnification provided under subsection d. not less than once during each 5-year period following the date of enactment.Section 234A b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by striking the last sentence. a civil penalty is in excess of the amount of any performance fee paid by the Secretary to such contractor, subcontractor, or supplier under the contract under which the violation or violations occurred.amendments made by sections 3, 4, and 5 shall become effective on the date of the enactment of this Act. Civil Penalty Provisions. the amendments made by section 8 to section 234A of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2282a(b)(2)) shall not apply to any violation occurring under a contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act."
72,"<pad> summarize: a party receiving an offer under paragraph (1) is made but not accepted. evidence of an offer is not admissible for any purpose except in proceedings to enforce a settlement, or to determine costs and expenses under this subsection. if a claim is exempted from this subsection, all offers made by any party under paragraph (1) with respect to a claim or claims shall be void and have no effect. if a claim is exempted rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence is amended by adding ""(a) In general"" before ""If"" and adding at the end: Adequate basis for opinion. testimony in the form of an opinion by a witness based on scientific knowledge shall be inadmissible in evidence unless the court determine that such opinion is scientifically valid and reliable. rule 11(c) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). in paragraph (2) by striking ""may"" and inserting ""shall"" and ""corrected"" in paragraph (2) by striking ""a sanction imposed for a violation of this rule"" this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by section 2 shall apply only with respect to civil actions commenced after the effective date of this Act. "
73,"<pad> summarize:.........................u.s. agency approved as tax-exempt entity under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. the entity operates as a community based pregnancy help medical clinic, as defined in subsection (f) each pregnant woman will be given information on abortion and alternatives to abortion based upon the time of her last menstrual period, her medical history, a physical examination or appropriate laboratory tests."
74,"<pad> summarize: section 408(d) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Required minimum distribution transferred to health savings account. in the case of an individual who has attained the age of 7012 and who elects the application of this paragraph for a taxable year, gross income of the individual for the taxable year does not include a qualified HSA transfer."
75,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Americans Living Abroad"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Americans Living Abroad"" ESTABLISHMENT.two members shall be appointed from among individuals recommended by the majority leader of the house of representatives. two members shall be appointed from among individuals recommended by the majority leader of the house of representatives. not more than 6 members may be of the same political party. federal financial reporting requirements for a United States citizen living in a foreign country include the requirements under section 5314 of title 31, United States Code. the ability of a United States citizen living in a foreign country who is not a United States citizen to become a United States citizen. the process by which a United States citizen living in a foreign country interacts with Federal programs such as Social Security and Medicare. the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. any member or agent of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. each member of the Commission who is not an officer or employee of the United States shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. the members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence. feda that is affected by a recommendation in such a report shall submit to the president, congress, and the Commission a response. not later than 180 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report under section 4(c)(1). TERMINATION: the Commission shall terminate on the date on which it submits its update under section 4(c)(2). the Commission shall terminate on the date on which it submits its update under section 4(c)(2).$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 and 2016 is appropriated. a new Act will remain available until termination. a total of $2,000,000 has been appropriated. a total of $2,000,000 has been appropriated."
76,"<pad> summarize: 21 per cent of the population speaks a language other than English at home. only qualified and certified court interpreters can ensure that persons with limited English proficiency comprehend proceedings in which they are a party. the federal government has demonstrated its commitment to equal administration of justice, regardless of English proficiency. 43 states have developed, or are developing, qualified court interpreter programs. the administrator of the Office of Justice Programs of the Department of Justice shall make grants, in accordance with such regulations as the Attorney General may prescribe, to State courts to develop and implement a court interpreter program. a State court may use a grant awarded under this subsection to develop or enhance a court interpreter program for the State court.the Administrator shall submit a report to Congress. not later than 1 year after the date on which the first grant is made under section 3 is made. each highest state court has used the funds from each grant in a manner consistent with section 3(a)(2). there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017 to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017 to carry out this Act. if you are able to carry out this Act, you can apply for $10,000,000."
77,"<pad> summarize: Section 505 of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking ""December 31, 2010"" and inserting ""June 30, 2012"" effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to goods entered on or after the 15th day after the enactment of this Act. any entry of an article shall be liquidated or reliquidated as if such entry occurred. section 503(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following: Certain sleeping bags. an article classifiable under subheading 9404.30.80 shall not be an eligible article for purposes of subsection (a). an article classifiable under subheading 9404.30.80 shall not be an eligible article for purposes of subsection (a).Section 208(a) of the Andean Trade Preference Act (19 USC. 3206(a)) is amended in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ""February 12, 2011"" and inserting ""June 30, 2012"" Section 204(b)(3) of the Andean Trade Preference Act is amended in subparagraph (iii) in subclause (II), by striking ""7 succeeding 1-year periods"" and inserting ""9 of all unobligated Federal funds available, $2,300,000,000 in appropriated discretionary unexpired funds are rescinded. the director of the Office of Management and Budget shall identify the accounts and amounts rescinded to implement subsection (a) this section shall not apply to the unobligated Federal funds of the department of defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs.the budgetary effects of this Act will be determined by reference. a statement submitted for printing in the Congressional Record. a statement titled ""Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation"" will be submitted."
78,"<pad> summarize: no bank holding company may acquire and retain ownership or control of shares unless each insured depository institution is well- capitalized. no depository institution shall offer or market, directly or indirectly through any arrangement. the value of all investments held under this paragraph shall be computed quarterly."
79,"<pad> summarize: California Seamounts and Ridges National Marine Conservation Area established by this Act contains a series of ancient volcanos and geological features. only hydrothermal vents in the continental Exclusive Economic Zone are found on Gorda Ridge located off the north coast of California and the south coast of Oregon. the only hydrothermal vents in the continental Exclusive Economic Zone are found on Gorda Ridge.""exclusive economic zone"" means the California Seamounts and Ridges National Marine Conservation Area established by section 4(a). ""outer continental shelf"" has the meaning given the term ""outer continental shelf"" in section 2 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. the California Seamounts and Ridges National Marine Conservation Area is established. the area referred to in subsection (a) is the area generally depicted as the Conservation Area on the map entitled """" and dated. the map and boundary description developed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act.the Secretaries may not implement the establishment of the Conservation Area without direct and thorough consultation with the Pacific Fishery Management Council, stakeholders from commercial and recreational fishing sectors, and other key fishery groups. a plan for the comprehensive and long-term protection and management of the Conservation Area shall prohibit exploring for, developing, or producing oil, gas, or minerals. ii) using or attempting to use poisons, electrical charges, or explosives in the collection or harvest areas of the Outer Continental Shelf comprised of Cortes and Tanner Banks bounded by a square with a southwestern corner located at 40 0' N, 125 40' 4.8 W and a northeastern corner located at 40 30' N, 125 10' 4.8 W. "
80,"<pad> summarize: Section 4002(d)(2) of such Code is amended by inserting """" after ""section 4052(b)"" Section 4221 of such Code is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""4051, or"", and in subsection (c) by striking "", 4001(d) or 4053(6)"" Section 4221 of such Code is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""4053(6)"" a floor stocks tax equal to the excess of the tax paid under any such section imposed on such liquid. a person holding a liquid on the floor stocks tax date shall be liable for such tax. the term ""taxable liquid"" means diesel fuel and kerosene. a person holding a liquid on the floor stocks tax date shall be liable. "
81,"<pad> summarize: a punitive damage award and noneconomic damage awards continue unabated for at least the past 30 years. a party can be held responsible under the doctrine of joint and several liability for damages that party didn't cause. the term ""crime of violence"" has the same meaning as section 16 of title 18, United States Code. the term ""drug"" means any controlled substance that was not legally prescribed for use by the defendant or taken by the defendant other than in accordance with a lawfully issued prescription. the term ""economic loss"" means any pecuniary loss resulting from harm to the extent recovery for such loss is allowed under applicable State law. punitive damages may, to the extent permitted by applicable Federal or State law, be awarded against a small business only if the claimant establishes by clear and convincing evidence that conduct carried out by that defendant with a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of others was the proximate cause of the harm that is the subject of the action.amount of Liability. in general. in any civil action against a small business. each defendant described in that subsection shall be liable only for the amount of noneconomic loss allocated to that defendant in direct proportion to the percentage of responsibility of that defendant for the harm to the claimant with respect to which that defendant is liable. limitations on liability under sections 4 and 5 don't apply to any defendant whose misconduct constitutes a crime of violence or an act of international terrorism. if convicted of misconduct, he will be liable for damages relating to the injury to, destruction of, loss of, or loss of use of, natural resources described in section 1002(b)(2)(A) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990.this title preempts the laws of any State to the extent that State laws are inconsistent with this title. this title does not apply to any action in a State court against a small business in which all parties are citizens of the State.this Act shall take effect with respect to any civil action commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act without regard to whether the harm that is the subject of the action occurred before such date. this Act shall take effect with respect to any civil action commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act without regard to whether the harm that is the subject of the action occurred before such date."
82,"<pad> summarize: short title, etc. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title.extension and modification of credit for nonbusiness energy property. credit for non-business energy property............... excise tax credits relating to certain fuels are extended................... credit extension for alternative fuel vehicle refueling property. credit for alternative fuel vehicle refueling property. refueling property refueling property refueling property refueling property refueling property.incentives for biodiesel and renewable diesel extending. incentives for biodiesel and renewable diesel extending....... incentives for biodiesel and renewable. diesel.equalization of excise tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas. excise tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas. liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas.paragraph (2) of section 25C(g) is amended by striking ""December 31, 2013"" and inserting ""December 31, 2015"" the term 'energy efficient building envelope component' means a building envelope component which meets applicable Energy Star program requirements. section 6427(e)(6) is amended by striking ""December 31, 2013"" and inserting ""December 31, 2015"" section 6426(d)(5) and 6426(e)(3) are each amended by striking """" outlay payments for alternative fuels. the amendment shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2013. section 30C is amended by striking ""placed in service"" and all that follows and inserting ""placed in service after December 31, 2015"" effective date of amendment shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2013. if amended, the amendment will apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2013.Subsection g of section 40A is amended by striking ""December 31, 2013"" and inserting ""December 31, 2015"" the amendment shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2013. the amendment made by this section shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2013. section 4041(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of clause (i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (iii) the following new clause: in the case of liquefied petroleum gas, 18.3 cents per energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline."
83,<pad> summarize:......................... a person subjected to an emergency recall order under this subsection shall immediately recall such drug. if a person has reason to believe that such drug is adulterated or misbranded. a person subjected to an emergency recall order under this subsection shall immediately recall such drug and provide notification as required by such order. if a person has reason to believe that such drug is adulterated or misbranded.
84,"<pad> summarize: an estimated 2,000,000 dogs and cats are slaughtered and sold annually as part of the international fur trade. internationally, dog and cat fur products are being imported into the u.s. some dogs and cat fur products have deceptive labeling to conceal the use of dog or cat fur. foreign fur producers use dogs and cats bred for their fur. the term ""dog fur"" means the pelt or skin of any animal of the species canis familiaris. the term ""united states"" means the customs territory of the united states. the term ""commerce"" means transportation for sale, trade, or use between any State, territory, or possession. no person in the united states or subject to the jurisdiction of the United States may introduce into commerce, manufacture for introduction into commerce, sell, trade, or advertise in commerce, offer to sell, or transport or distribute in commerce, any dog or cat fur product. section 2(d) of the Fur Products Labeling Act (15 USC. 69(d)) is amended by striking. ""except that such term shall not include such articles as the Commission shall exempt by reason of the relatively small quantity or value of the fur or used fur contained therein""a duly authorized officer may detain for inspection and inspect any product, package, crate, or other container, including its contents. such officer may search and seize, with or without a warrant, the item suspected of being the subject of the violation, and may arrest the owner of the item seized. an item so seized shall be held by any person authorized by the Secretary pending disposition of civil or criminal proceedings. if any person who knowingly violates any provision of this Act or any regulation issued under this Act may be assessed a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each violation. any person who knowingly violates any provision of this Act or any regulation issued under this Act shall be imprisoned for not more than 1 year, fined in accordance with title 18, United States Code."
85,"<pad> summarize: in the last 2 years, terrorists have repeatedly attempted to kill Americans both here at home and abroad. he says terrorism is a matter of national security and military necessity. detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay are confirmed to have reengaged in hostilities or are suspected of having reengaged in hostilities. u.s. Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, is and shall be a location for detention of unprivileged Enemy belligerents. u.s. military authorized detainees to be detainees, u.s. officials say."
86,"<pad> summarize: authority to disapprove or prohibit issuance of a specification terminates as of the date of enactment. Administrator may deny or restrict the use of a defined area as a disposal site. if the Administrator intends to disapprove a specification, the Administrator shall have no further authority to disapprove or prohibit issuance of the specification. Section 404(q) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 USC. 1344(q) is amended in the first sentence, by striking ""(q) Not later than"" and inserting the following: Deadline. Agreements described in subparagraph (A)"" "
87,"<pad> summarize: government agency carrying out a surface transportation project should conduct a cost-benefit analysis before procuring architectural, engineering, and related services from a private contractor. a government agency will be able to determine if it is cost effective and in the public interest to use a private contractor or government employees in procuring such services. the term ""architectural, engineering, and related services"" means architectural, landscape architectural, environmental, engineering, land surveying, construction project management, and construction inspection services. the term ""private contract"" means an agreement between a government agency and a private contractor. the term ""government agency"" means a State, local, regional, interregional, or other governmental entity that receive federal funds to carry out surface transportation projects. federal funds made available to carry out a surface transportation project may be used by a government agency to enter into a private contract of $100,000 or more to procure architectural, engineering, and related services only if the government agency conducts a cost-benefit analysis for the private contract under subsection (a) a cost-benefit analysis conducted by a government agency shall contain, at a minimum, the following components. an estimate of the cost of procuring if a government agency finds that the benefits of entering into the contract outweigh the costs, the agency shall also prepare for the contract the materials required by this section. the materials to be prepared under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, a list of all contributions made by the private contractor to political parties and candidates for political office in the preceding 5-year period.a government agency finds it is in the public interest to enter into a private contract. if a cost-benefit analysis is conducted for a private contract under section 4. if a government agency enters into the contract, the agency must, at least 30 days before entering into the contract submit the results and accompanying materials to the Secretary for review. employees of the agency and other interested parties may submit to the agency written comments refuting the accuracy of results. employees of the agency and other interested parties may submit a competitive bid to provide the services that would otherwise be performed.a government agency uses the procedures for procuring architectural, engineering, and related services from private sources using federal funds as part of a surface transportation project. a government agency shall use the procedures for procuring architectural and engineering services under chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code. a government agency may waive the application of this Act with respect to a private contract if the Secretary determines that the government agency cannot perform the work to be conducted under the contract with existing or additional government employeeslt, plus-minusgt. if the Secretary determines that the government agency cannot perform the work to be conducted under the contract with existing or additional government employeeslt, plus-minusgt."
88,"<pad> summarize: regulations are repealed and shall have no legal effect. negotiated rulemaking committee established after notice of intention to establish such committee. definition of ""credit hour"" in section 600.2 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations. provisions of regulations that were in effect on June 30, 2011 are restored and revived. section 487(a)(20) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. an institution described in section 101 may provide payment to a third-party entity. the third-party entity does not make compensation payments to its employees that are prohibited."
89,"<pad> summarize: the term ""advisory committee"" means the national aquatic animal health plan. the advisory committee shall be composed equally of representatives of State and tribal governments. not less than 6 shall be representatives of affected commercial aquaculture interests."
90,"<pad> summarize: all states and regions are vulnerable to windstorms. u.s. currently sustains several billion dollars in economic damages each year due to these windstorms. u.s. currently sustains several billion dollars in economic damages each year due to these windstorms. the term ""Director"" means the director of the office of science and technology policy. the term ""State"" means each of the States of the United States, the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. the national windstorm impact reduction program is set to be established. it will be aimed at improving the understanding of windstorms. it will include research to improve knowledge and data collection. the program will be implemented through activities such as data collection and analysis, risk assessment, outreach, technology transfer, and research and development.the Director shall establish a national Advisory Committee on windstorm impact reduction. the Advisory Committee shall assess trends and developments in the science and engineering of windstorm impact reduction. the Advisory Committee shall report to Congress and the Interagency Working Group on the assessment carried out under subsection (b).no design, construction method, practice, technology, material, mitigation methodology, or hazard reduction measure of any kind developed under this Act shall be required for a home certified under section 616 of the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974. no design, construction method, practice, technology, material, mitigation methodology, or hazard reduction measure of any kind developed under this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the federal emergency management agency for carrying out this Act $8,700,000 for fiscal year 2006 and $9,400,000 for fiscal year 2007. from sums otherwise authorized to be appropriated, there are authorized to be appropriated to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for carrying out this Act $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2006 and $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2007. Section 37(a) of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 USC. 1885d(a)) is amended by striking ""By January 30, 1982, and biennially thereafter"" and inserting ""By January 30 of each odd numbered year"" "
91,"<pad> summarize: Section 311(d) of the federal water pollution control act (33 USC. 1321(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: Worst case discharges, including subsurface discharges, that are possible in each area described in an Area Contingency Plan under subsection (j)(4)(C)(ii.270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall revise or otherwise amend the National Contingency Plan. such revisions shall take into account: The adequacy of the National Contingency Plan in place at the time of the explosion involving the mobile offshore drilling unit Deepwater Horizon to respond to the volume, source, and duration of the discharge caused by that explosion. Section 311(j)(4)(C)(i) is amended to read as follows. be adequate to mitigate or remove a worst case discharge, as estimated under subsection (d)(5). be adequate to mitigate or remove a substantial threat of such a discharge from a vessel, offshore facility or onshore facility operating in or near the area.the president shall revise regulations issued under section 311(j)(5) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 USC. 1321(j)(5). it is based on a realistic assessment of worst case discharge scenarios. a deep subsurface wellhead discharge associated with such tank vessel, nontank vessel, or facility. the President may require periodic inspection of containment booms, skimmers, vessels, and other major equipment used dispersants, other chemicals and other spill mitigating devices and substances may not be placed on schedule. a dispersant, other chemical, or other spill mitigating substance may not be placed on the schedule. a dispersant, other chemical, or other spill mitigating substance may be placed on the schedule. Section 5(a) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 USC. 1334(5)(a)) is amended as follows. in paragraph (7) by striking the period and inserting "". And"" in paragraph (8) by adding at the end: requiring compliance with the response plan requirements. "
92,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 7298 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the heading of section 7298 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""7291. Date when Court decision becomes final"" a retired judge who is recalled under this section shall be deemed to be a reemployed annuitant. if a judge dies as a result of an assassination, such adjustment may result in the retired pay"
93,"<pad> summarize: Section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 648(a)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting after ""uniform negotiated"" ""mutually agreed to"" Section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 648(a)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting after ""uniform negotiated"" the following: ""mutually agreed to"" a small business development center must be in good standing and comply with the other requirements of this section. funds made available through the program shall be used to develop specialized programs to assist local small business concerns in securing capital and repairing damaged credit. the administration may not award an entity more than $300,000 in grant funds under this subsection. a small business development center must be in good standing and comply with other requirements of this section. the administration may not award an entity more than $300,000 in grant funds under this subsection. a small business development center must be in good standing and comply. a small business development center must be in good standing and comply with the other requirements of this section. funds made available through the program shall be used to provide education classes and one-on-one instruction in starting a business in the fields of energy efficiency, green technology, or clean technology and in adapting a business to include such fields. the administration may not award an entity more than $300,000 in grant funds under this subsection.a small business development center must be in good standing and comply with the other requirements of this section. funds made available through the program shall be used to establish a statewide small business helpline within every State and United States territory to provide immediate expert information and assistance to small business concerns. the administration may not award an entity more than $250,000 in grant funds under this subsection.section 21(a)(4)(B) (USC. 648(a)(4)(B)) is amended by inserting a new section. it does not include any funds obtained through the assessment of fees to small business clients. Section 20 of the Small Business Act is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: Small Business Development Centers. There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Small Business Development Center Program under section 21 $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and $160,000,000 for fiscal year 2011. section 21 of the Small Business Act is amended by adding at the end a new subsection. the Administration shall establish a grant program for small business development centers in accordance with this subsection. funds made available through the program shall be used to provide technical assistance and expertise to small manufacturers with respect to changing operations to another industry sector or reorganizing operations to increase efficiency and profitability. a small business development center must be in good standing and comply with the other requirements of"
94,"<pad> summarize: Section 211(c)(4)(C) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7545(c)(4)(C) is amended by striking subsection and inserting the following. the Administrator shall determine the total number of fuels approved under this paragraph as of September 1, 2004 in all State implementation plans. if such approval would increase the total number of fuels approved under this paragraph as of the date of enactment, clause (v) shall sunset"
95,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds many pharmaceutical drugs are necessary to maintain the health and welfare of the american people. currently the nation is facing a chronic shortage of vital drugs necessary in surgery, to treat cancer, and to fight other life-threatening illnesses.""market shortage"" means supply of clinically interchangeable versions. term ""drug"" means a drug intended for use by human beings. term ""biologic"" means virus, therapeutic serum, toxin, antitoxin, vaccine.if the President issues an Executive order, it shall be unlawful for any person to sell one or more vital drugs at a price unreasonably excessive. if the President issues an Executive order under paragraph (1) it shall be unlawful for any person to sell vital drugs at a price unreasonably excessive. if the President issues an Executive order under paragraph (1) it shall be unlawful for any person to sell vital drugs at a price that is unreasonably criminal penalties may be imposed only pursuant to a criminal action brought by the Attorney General or other officer of the Department of Justice. if convicted of an injunctive offense, he may bring an action in district court for injunction. he or she may in his or her discretion enjoin such acts or practices. alleged violator's price was unreasonably excessive. attorney general or designee will consult with representatives of the national association of wholesalers. he will examine whether the price reasonably reflected additional costs, not within the control of that person or company.any market shortage declared in accordance with this Act shall be in effect for a period of not to exceed 6 months from the date on which the President issues the Executive order. the president may renew the state of market shortage declared under subsection (a) if the President declares that the severe shortage continues to affect the health and well being of citizens beyond the initial 6-month period. if enacted a law terminating a national market shortage is declared, the"
96,"<pad> summarize: a qualified non-federal entity may include a governmental entity, nonprofit organization, institution, or individual. a qualified non-federal entity may include a governmental entity, nonprofit organization, institution, or individual. a qualified non-federal entity may include a governmental entity, nonprofit organization, institution, or individual."
97,"<pad> summarize: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nhs spokesman: nh enactment of the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017 enacted. report summarizing any activities carried out pursuant to section 399V-2 of the public health service Act. report summarizing any activities carried out pursuant to section 399V-2. report summarizing any research findings and ongoing research efforts, gaps, and areas of greatest need."
98,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds that Lechuguilla Cave and adjacent public lands have internationally significant scientific, environmental, and other values. it should be retained in public ownership and protected against adverse effects of mineral exploration and development and other activities presenting threats.the cave protection area referred to in subsection (a) shall consist of approximately 6,280 acres of lands in new Mexico as generally depicted on the map dated April 1993. the secretary of the interior shall publish in the Federal Register the legal description of the lands withdrawn under subsection (a) the Secretary will not permit any new drilling on or involving any Federal mineral or geothermal lease within the cave protection area referred to in section 3(a) until the effective date of the Record of Decision for the Dark Canyon Environmental Impact Statement or for 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act whichever occurs first. if any, the Secretary is authorized to cancel any Federal mineral or geothermal lease in the cave protection area referred to in section the Secretary, subject to valid existing rights, may limit or prohibit access to or across lands owned by the United States. no effect on Pipelines. Nothing in this title shall have the effect of terminating any validly issued right-of-way. prohibition of upgrading and construction on existing facilities in such right-of-way. there is hereby authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. no funds shall be made available except to the extent, or in such amounts as are provided in advance in appropriation Acts. "
99,"<pad> summarize: enumerated in section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the united states. this Act rests the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare, regulate commerce, and make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution Federal powers. Section 224(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 233(g) is amended in paragraph (4). the term <unk> post stabilization services' means a physician or physician group that is employed by, is under contract with, or is an on-call provider of such hospital or emergency department, to provide items and services to individuals under such section. if the total amount of payments that would otherwise be made under this paragraph for such"
100,"<pad> summarize: Section 142 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: qualified public educational facilities. the term <unk> qualified public educational facility' means any school facility which is part of a public elementary school or a public secondary school, except as provided in paragraph (6)(b)(iii), located in a high-growth school district. the term 'elementary school' and'secondary school' have the Section 148(f)(4)(D)(vii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""$5,000,000"" the second place it appears and inserting ""$10,000,000"" effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to obligations issued after December 31, 1998. "
101,"<pad> summarize: Section 201(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by striking ""substantial"" a causal link is established between imports and injury to the domestic industry. if a causal link is established between imports and injury to the domestic industry.the secretary of commerce shall establish and implement a steel import permit and monitoring program. the program shall include a requirement that any person importing a product classified under chapter 72 or 73 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States obtain an import permit before such products are entered into the United States. the Secretary of Commerce may prescribe reasonable fees and charges to defray the costs of carrying out the provisions of this section."
102,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of the Interior has identified 53 dams on Indian lands that pose a threat to human life if a failure occurs. many bureau dams have maintenance deficiencies regardless of their current safety condition classification. safe working dams on Indian lands are necessary to supply irrigation water, to provide flood control, to provide water for municipal, industrial, domestic, livestock, and recreation uses, and for fish and wildlife habitat. the term ""dam"" has the same meaning given such term. the term ""Indian tribe"" means any Indian tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other organized group or community. it is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the united states to Indian tribes. the Secretary shall establish a dam safety maintenance and repair program within the Bureau to ensure maintenance and monitoring of the condition of each dam identified pursuant to subsection (e) a potential dam safety deficiency is recognized for unusual loading conditions. a potential dam safety deficiency is clearly recognized for normal loading conditions.there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. Funds provided under this Act are to be considered nonreimbursable. u.s.-born sen."
103,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 4342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking out the sentence. one cadet from the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is nominated for admission. if nominated from one of those places the candidate is nominated, he may nominate a principal candidate and nine alternates."
104,"<pad> summarize: independent claims adjuster licensing act contains basic standards. it does not impose any limitation or condition upon any independent claims adjuster to be licensed or otherwise authorized to do business in a State because of his or her status as a non-resident of that State. the NAIC may require that the examinee be duly licensed as an independent claims adjuster by his or her home State. a multi-State examination administered pursuant to this section will require adjusters to demonstrate essential competence with cross-jurisdictional legal and regulatory concepts. a multi-State examination administered pursuant to this section may require adjusters to demonstrate essential competence with cross-jurisdictional legal and regulatory concepts.a state does not have licensing requirements for independent claims adjusters. this Act limits the right of a State to establish licensing fees or enforce its laws relating to the adjusting of insurance claims. or affect the jurisdiction and authority of a State insurance regulator to prescribe and enforce its insurance laws, rules, and regulations regulating independent claims adjusters in its jurisdiction. a state that licenses independent claims adjusters must be deemed to have established the uniformity referred to in subsection (a)(1) if it has enacted and adhered to criteria for the licensing and authorization of independent claims adjusters within that state. the laws and regulations of a certain State shall be considered to provide for the reciprocity required under subsection (a) with other States.an independent claims adjuster and the adjuster may ascertain, determine, negotiate, or settle a claim in such State. an independent claims adjuster authorized under subsection (a) to investigate, evaluate, negotiate the resolution of a claim in a State that is not in compliance with section 5(a) shall not be subject to any additional licensure or other requirements from such State. an independent claims adjuster authorized under subsection (a) to investigate, evaluate, an independent claims adjuster meeting the requirements of subsection (b) may adjust claims for losses related to a natural or other disaster. an independent claims adjuster meets the requirements of subsection (b). the adjuster holds a valid license as an independent claims adjuster in his or her home state.independent claims adjuster is licensed as an independent claims adjuster. the term ""home state"" means the state in which the adjuster maintains his or her principal place of residence or business. the term ""independent claims adjuster"" means an individual, other than a public adjuster. ""public adjuster"" means any person who acts, aids, advertises, or solicits business."
105,"<pad> summarize: Section 602(2)(A) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 USC. 1162(2)(A)) is amended by amending clause (i) to read as follows: General rule. in the case of a qualifying event not described in section 603(6), the date that is 36 months after the date of the qualifying event. the amendments made by this section shall apply to qualifying events occurring on or after the date that is 18 months section 36 is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 37. a credit amount equal to the amount paid by the taxpayer for coverage of the taxpayer and qualifying family members. amounts taken into account under subsection (a) shall not be taken into account.the table of sections for chapter 77 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Section 6050U. Returns relating to credit for COBRA continuation coverage."" the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid for coverage months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, in taxable years ending after such date.Section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Reduction in Benefit of Rate Reduction for Families With Incomes Over $1,000,000. For purposes of this subsection, the term <unk> threshold amount' means $1,000,000 in the case of a joint return, and $500,000 in the case of any other return. the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment"
106,"<pad> summarize:......................... ""section 10993A. DEFINITIONS"" means an individual who possesses state licensure or certification. the term <unk> school counselor' means an individual who has documented competence in counseling a school setting. the term 'poverty line' means an individual who is not less than 5 and not more than 17."
107,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 404(d) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 604(d)) is amended in paragraph (1). Section 472(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 672(h)(1)) is amended by striking "", or title XX"" and inserting ""or XIX"" Section 201(b)(3) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 USC. 3013(b)"
108,"<pad> summarize: Section 201(d) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(d) is amended by striking ""It shall be the duty"" and inserting ""(A) on original issue at the issue price, or (B)"" there is established in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund a Social Security Surplus Protection Account. such amounts shall be transferred from time to time to the Account. Section 1817(c) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395i(c) is amended by striking ""It shall be the duty"" and inserting ""(A) on original issue at the issue price, or (B)"" a vacancy on the Commission shall not impair the authority of a quorum of the Commission to perform the functions and exercise the powers of the Commission. a vacancy on the Commission shall not impair the authority of a quorum of the Commission to perform the functions and exercise the powers of the Commission. a vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made and shall be subject to any conditions that applied"
109,"<pad> summarize: Section 101(b)(2) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 is amended in clause (iii), by striking "", and"" and inserting a semicolon. in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), provides a statement in writing that the veteran seeks mental health care from the Department and has not received timely and adequate mental health care through a facility or health care provider of the Department. secretary of Veterans Affairs will give priority to health professionals for which there's the greatest need in the department. the department of Veterans Affairs will also give priority to psychiatrists, psychologists, and other mental health care providers. the department of Veterans Affairs will also be able to hire health professionals.sums may be necessary to carry out this Act. the amendments made by this Act shall be derived from amounts appropriated under section 801 of the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014. if you are a veteran, you may be able to make a contribution.this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on the date that is 90 days after the enactment of this Act."
110,"<pad> summarize: Section 701(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by striking ""6-month period"" and inserting ""30-day period"" amendments made by this section shall not apply to plan years beginning after the end of the 12th calendar month following the enactment of this Act. amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to group health plans for plan years beginning after the end of the 12th calendar month following the en Section 2741 of the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Application of Group Health Insurance Limitations on Imposition of Preexisting Condition Exclusions. a health insurance issuer that provides individual health insurance coverage may not impose a preexisting condition exclusion with respect to such condition unless such exclusion could be imposed consistent with such section. "
111,"<pad> summarize: 82,975 women had breast reconstruction following mastectomies and 167,318 women received breast implants for cosmetic purposes. silicone breast implants have never been approved by the Food and Drug Administration. saline breast implants consist of a saline solution injected into a silicone envelope. NIH will report to all appropriate committees of Congress on the status of existing breast implant research funded by such Institutes within 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the director of NIH shall appoint an appropriate official of the department of health and human services to serve as the national Institutes of health coordinator regarding breast implant research. such research should include multidisciplinary, clinical, case-controlled study of women with breast implants for at fda conducts postmarket evaluations based on postmarket recommendations made by fda's general and plastic surgery Devices Panel. fda commissioner shall report to congress on implementation status of postmarket recommendations at 6, 12, and 18 month intervals after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter thereafter.fda must expedite conclusion of criminal investigation into allegations of wrong-doing by one of the implant manufacturers. fda must provide information about breast implants up to date and responsive to reports of problems with implants. fda must update implant package inserts and informed consent documents regularly."
112,"<pad> summarize: a dramatic shift in the composition of capital flows to the developing world necessitates a new approach to official development assistance. a dramatic shift in the composition of capital flows to the developing world necessitates a new approach to official development assistance. a dramatic shift in the composition of capital flows to the developing world necessitates a new approach to official development assistance. a dramatic shift in the composition of capital the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate.PURPOSE aims to maximize the impact of United States development programs. integrating private sector input into the planning and programming processes of development agencies. institutionalizing analyses of constraints on growth and investment throughout planning and programming processes of development agencies. sally kohn: development assistance should be pursued in a way that aims to build and strengthen civic institutions. kohn: fostering domestic capacity and domestic responsibility for outcomes is the basis of true country ownership. kohn: if u.s. develops u.s. development assistance should be pursued in a way that aims to build and strengthen civic institutions.the president shall establish a primary, interagency mechanism to assist the private sector in coordinating United States development programs with private sector investment activities. the mechanism established under subsection (a) shall streamline and integrate the various private sector liaison, coordination, and investment promotion functions of United States development agencies. the mechanism established under subsection (a) shall streamline and integrate the various private sector liaison, coordination, and investment promotion functions of United States development agencies.the Secretary and the Administrator shall direct policy teams to include private sector facilitation and coordination in all country, sector, and global development strategies, including integrated country strategies, regional and functional strategies, country development cooperation strategies, mission strategic resource plans, and global development strategies.analysis required under subsection (a) includes the identification and analysis of constraints posed by inadequacies of critical infrastructure, rule of law, tax and investment codes, and customs and regulatory regimes of recipient countries. results will be incorporated into the development strategies of United States development agencies, (2) be used to inform and guide resource allocations.enactment of this Act is enacted 1 year after the date of the enactment. a report will be sent to the committee on foreign relations of the Senate. the report describes the specific measures that have been taken to implement this Act. "
113,"<pad> summarize: the following provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 are hereby repealed. section 511, section 531, section 541, section 541, section 541, section 594, section 801, section 821, section 831, section 852, section 857.Section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. ira imposes a tax on INDIVIDUALs. ira imposes a tax on INDIVIDUALs.the term <unk> earned income' does not include any amount received as a pension or annuity, or any tip unless the amount of the tip is not within the discretion of the service- recipient. the amount of any fringe benefit which is included as earned income shall be the cost to the employer of such benefit. the term <unk> earned income' does not include any amount received as a pension or annuity, or any tip unless the amount of the no person shall be liable for any tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for any taxable year ending before January 1, 2000. Subsection (a) shall not apply to amounts paid before the date of the enactment of this Act. Chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking out all specific exclusions from gross income, all deductions, and all credits against income tax relating to the computation of individual income tax liability. if you have any questions, you can contact us at e-mail.Subtitle B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is hereby abroged. taylor mcdonald's spokesman calls for a reopening. taylor mcdonald'repeal made by section 6 shall apply to estates of decedents dying and transfers made after the date of the enactment of this Act. amendment made by section 6 shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. amendment made by section 6 shall apply to estates of decedents dying, and transfers made, after the date of the enactment of this Act."
114,<pad> summarize: Section 210 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the term <unk> employment' shall include any service with respect to which an election under paragraph (2) applies. an election made by an individual under this paragraph shall take effect only if such individual has received remuneration in the amount of at least $400 for service of the type to which the election is made. the amendments made by this Act shall apply only with respect to service performed in taxable years beginning after 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply only with respect to service performed in taxable years beginning after 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.
115,"<pad> summarize: section 2339E of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the term 'facility of interstate or foreign commerce' has the same meaning as in section 2331. the term 'perpetrator of an act' includes any person who commits the act. if death results, shall be imprisoned not more than 25 years. section 2332 of title 18, united states code, is amended in paragraph (1). section 2332(a) is redesignated by subsection (b) of this section. section 2332(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections and (e), respectively. section 2332(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (c) and (d"
116,"<pad> summarize: a full-time employee on such a compressed schedule can accumulate not more than 48 credit hours accumulated by such employee. a full-time employee on such a compressed schedule can accumulate not more than 48 credit hours accumulated by such employee. the term 'employee' means an individual who was an employee. the term 'employee' means an individual who was an employee. section 13(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 USC. 213(a)(1)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end thereof. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to an employee before, on, and after the date of enactment of this Act unless an action was brought in a court involving the application of section 13(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of section 6121(5) of title 5 is amended to read as follows. ""compressed schedule"" means in the case of a full-time employee a 160-hour basic work requirement. in the case of a full-time employee, a basic work requirement, over a 4-week period."
117,"<pad> summarize: the term 'eligible entity' means a national public or private nonprofit entity. an eligible entity shall be a State or Indian tribe. if eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application.ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES WITH RESPECT TO JUVENILE ARTHRITIS AND RELATED CONDITIONS. Secretary of health and human services may expand and intensify programs referred to in subsection (a)the public health service act is amended by introducing a section 320A. the secretary may award grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with public or nonprofit private entities. he may provide direct technical assistance in lieu of cash. he may provide direct technical assistance in lieu of cash. appropriations are authorized to carry out this subsection $3,750,000 for each fiscal years 2009 through 2013. appropriations are authorized to carry out this subsection. appropriations are authorized to carry out this subsection $3,750,000 for each fiscal years 2009 through 2013. appropriations are based on the ratio of the number of children who reside in such area who are in need of services of a pediatric rheumatologist."
118,<pad> summarize: the purpose of this section is to make aggregate information publicly available. a complete list of the providers of services and suppliers participating in the program under title XVIII of the social security act. the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to carry out this subsection.qualified individuals and groups have access to claims and payment data under title XVIII. a qualified individual or group must have access to claims and payment data. a qualified individual or group may have access to data provided to a qualified individual or group under this subsection.
119,"<pad> summarize: a federal panel is established to review, evaluate, and identify rigorous kindergarten through grade 12 STEM curricula models. the panel will review, evaluate, and identify rigorous kindergarten through grade 12 STEM curricula models, including computer or web-based simulation education programs and kinesthetic learning. the panel shall prepare reports and recommendations regarding the panel's findings as requested by the Secretary."
120,"<pad> summarize: a taxable year is $1,000, reduced by $50 for each $1,000 by which the eligible taxpayer's modified adjusted gross income exceeds the threshold amount. if a foster child resides in the home of a taxpayer for not less than 15 consecutive days of a calendar month, such foster child shall be treated as residing in the home of the eligible taxpayer. if a foster child resides in the home of the eligible taxpayer for not less than 15 consecutive"
121,"<pad> summarize: the United States Office for Native Hawaiian Relations shall effectuate and coordinate the special political and legal relationship between the Native Hawaiian people and the United States through the Secretary, and with all other Federal agencies. a report detailing the activities that are undertaken with respect to the continuing process of reconciliation and to effect meaningful consultation with the Native Hawaiian governing entity. organic governing documents of the Native Hawaiian governing entity are recognized by the united states. if the organic governing documents are resubmitted to the duly elected officers of the Native Hawaiian governing entity, the Secretary shall certify that the organic governing documents establish the criteria for citizenship in the Native Hawaiian governing entity. if the organic governing documents are resubmitted to the duly elected officers of the Native Hawaiian governing entity, the Secretary shall there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the activities authorized in this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the activities authorized in this Act. a delegation by the United States of authority to the State of Hawaii is hereby reaffirmated. a federal recognition of the Native Hawaiian governing entity is hereby reaffirmed. nothing in this Act is intended to serve as a settlement of any claims against the United States. Indian Gaming Regulatory Act construed as an authorization to participate in any programs and services provided by the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service. unless otherwise specified, the Indian Health Service will be able to participate. provisions of section 208(a) of title 18, United States Code, prohibiting involvement by a Federal Government officer or employee in particular matters involving the officer or employee or his or her spouse or minor child. financial interest resulting solely from his or her status as a Native Hawaiian resulting solely from his or her status. if any section or provision of this Act is held invalid, it is the intent of Congress that the remaining sections or provisions of this Act shall continue in full force and effect. the remaining sections or provisions of this Act shall continue in full force and effect. if any section or provision of this Act is held invalid, it is the intent of Congress that the remaining sections or provisions shall continue in full force and effect."
122,"<pad> summarize: state performance is a measure of tanf recipients' economic mobility. each state, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and report information necessary to measure the level of performance of the State for each indicator described in clause (ii), for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter. each state, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and report information necessary to measure the level of performance of each State for each such indicator. amendments will take effect October 1, 2016. amend the title so as to read: ""A bill to increase the employment, job retention, and earnings of former TANF recipients."" amendments will take effect on October 1, 2016. "
123,"<pad> summarize: Section 2010(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by section 1(b), is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: Applicable exclusion amount. for purposes of this subsection, the applicable exclusion amount is the sum of the basic exclusion amount, and in the case of a surviving spouse, the aggregate deceased spousal unused exclusion amount. if any amount as adjusted under the preced SENSE of THE SENATE REGARDING REVENUE NEUTRALITY. any reduction in Federal revenues resulting from the provisions of this Act should be fully compensated. a reduction in federal revenues resulting from the provisions and amendments should be fully offset. "
124,"<pad> summarize: Section 954 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking paragraph (4) of subsection (a) and by striking subsection (f) the term <unk> shipping income' means income derived from, or in connection with, the use of any aircraft or vessel in foreign commerce. such term includes dividends and interest received from a foreign corporation in respect of which taxes are deemed paid under section 902."
125,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking section 7115. an agency may not deduct any amount from the pay of an employee for the dues of a labor organization. the term <unk> agency' means an executive agency, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission.the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. Nothing in this Act shall cause the termination of such allotment before the date on which such assignment is revoked in accordance with such section. a written assignment received by the United States Postal Service under section 1205 of title 39, United States Code or an agreement between the United States Postal Service and any organization of employees in effect pursuant"
126,"<pad> summarize: the director shall award grants to institutions of higher education to implement or expand research-based reforms. activities supported by grants under this section may include development, implementation, and assessment of innovative, research-based approaches to transforming the teaching and learning of disciplinary or interdisciplinary STEM at the undergraduate level. the director shall consider at a minimum the likelihood of success in undertaking the proposed reform effort."
127,"<pad> summarize: more than 100 books have been published and over 250 doctoral dissertations written. many of his books have never gone out of print since they were first published a century ago. many of his books have never gone out of print since they were first published.not more than 100,000 $5 coins, which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. not more than 500,000 $1 coins, which shall weigh 26.73 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. all coins minted under this Act shall be considered numismatic items.design of the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of mark Twain's life and legacy. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary after consultation with the Commission of Fine Arts and the Board of the Mark Twain House and Museum. inscriptions of the words ""Liberty"", ""In God We Trust"", ""United States of America"", and ""E Pluribus Mint Facility only 1 facility may be used to strike any particular quality minted under this Act. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on January 1, 2013.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. $10 per coin per coin for the $1 coin. issuance of such coin would result in the number of commemorative coin programs issued during such calendar year to exceed the annual 2 commemorative coin program issuance limitation. "
128,"<pad> summarize: section 508(o) is amended in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: In general. Agricultural act of 2014. As determined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the production of an insurable crop after the date of enactment of the American Prairie Conservation Act shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this subtitle as described in this paragraph."
129,"<pad> summarize: Section 453(b)(2) of the Job Training Partnership Act is amended in subparagraph (C)(ii)(V), by striking the period at the end of such subparagraph and inserting "", and"" and adding at the end the following new subparagraph. ""i) collect and disseminate information on successful programs to upgrade the skills of workers carried out pursuant to section 327,"" section 439(d)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. ""For purposes of this section, loans made pursuant to section 327 of the Job Training Partnership Act may be considered to be student loans which are not insured or guaranteed as provided for in this subsection"""
130,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE: promoting green technology innovation. increasing scientific knowledge that may reveal the basis for new or enhanced products, equipment, or processes. u.s. is the world leader in green energy production and manufacturing.the term ""biomass"" has the meaning given the term ""renewable biomass"" in section 211(o)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7545(o)(1)). the term ""environmentally protective"" means, with respect to technology, technology that is most likely to result in the least impact to land, forests, water quantity and quality, air quality, and wildlife habitat. GREEN TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENT CORPORATION is a corporation established in the Department of Energy. the Corporation shall meet at least 4 times during each fiscal year. regulations apply to quasi-autonomous agencies within the department of energy. a fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there is established a fund, to be known as the ""Green Technology Investment Fund"" a fund consisting of such amounts appropriated to the Fund under section 11. the Corporation shall establish and carry out a grant program to assist small and medium-sized businesses in accelerating new product development and commercialization of technology products. to assist small and medium-sized businesses in capitalizing on early-stage investment, particularly those businesses that provide evidence of a capability to meet a green marketplace need.green energy technology internship program will be established by the Corporation. the program will reimburse students, educators, and businesses for full-time employment after graduation. the program will also include requirements relating to the eligibility of students, educators, and businesses to participate in the program.green energy technology apprenticeship program will provide reimbursement for not more than 50 percent or $5,000 of the wages paid to a participating apprentice if the business paired with the apprentice agrees to make every effort to offer full-time employment to the apprentice on the completion of the apprenticeship. requirements for participation in the green energy technology apprenticeship program include requirements relating to the eligibility of apprentices, organized labor, trades, and businesses to participate in the program. if the business paired a grant, loan, or other assistance provided under this Act shall be based on the best available technology, research, and commercialization. a grant, loan, or other assistance provided under this Act shall not be provided solely on a geographical basis. the Corporation may provide grants, loans, and other assistance in accordance with the programs under this Act for projects that offer the best technology, research, and commercialization for the united states.funds made available to carry out this Act may not be used to carry out any project, activity or expense that is not located within the united states. if the funds are made available to carry out this Act, they may not be used to carry out any project, activity or expense that is not located within the united states. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2009, (2) $5,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and $10,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2013. "
131,"<pad> summarize: the Veterans Expedited Recovery Commission is established. it will perform the following duties. examine the efficacy of the evidence-based therapy model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating mental health illnesses of veterans. examine available research on complementary alternative treatment therapies for mental health issues and identify what benefits could be made.two members appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. two members appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. two members appointed by the President, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. the Commission shall hold its first meeting not later than 30 days after a majority of members are appointed to the Commission. such meetings may be carried out through the use of telephonic or other appropriate telecommunication technology if the Commission determine that such technology will allow the members to communicate simultaneously. the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate to carry out the duties of Commission submits final report to committees on veterans' affairs. final report is not later than 60 days after the date on which the Commission first meets. the secretary of Veterans Affairs submits a report detailing the level of cooperation the Secretary of Veterans Affairs has provided to the Commission.TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. 30 days after submission of final report. the Commission shall terminate. if the final report has been submitted....... "
132,"<pad> summarize: all rhinoceros species have been listed on appendix I of CITES since 1977. all rhinoceros species, except the southern subspecies of white rhinoceros, are listed as endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.CITES Secretariat provides financial resources for conservation programs. CITES is assisting in the conservation of rhinoceros and tiger populations. tiger populations affect rhinoceros and tiger populations.cnn's ""CITES"" means the Convention on international trade in endangered Species of wild fauna and flora. ""conservation"" means the use of all methods and procedures necessary to bring rhinoceros and tigers to the point at which those species do not become extinct. this term does not include any wild animal or fish if brought or imported into the united states for scientific research or any legally taken sport a country whose activities affect rhinoceros or tiger populations may submit a project proposal under this section. each proposal shall name the individual responsible for conducting the project. each proposal shall describe the qualifications of the individuals who will conduct the project. each proposal shall determine if it meets the criterion set forth in subsection (d)there is established in the general fund of the Treasury a separate account to be known as the ""Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Fund,"" which shall consist of amounts deposited into the Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury under subsection (b) Deposits into the Fund. the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit into the Fund all amounts received by the Secretary in the form of donations under subsection (d) if the Secretary finds that any citizen of a foreign country, directly or indirectly, is engaging in trade in products made from rhinoceros or tiger populations, certify that fact to the President. not later than 30 days after the date of a certification under subsection (a)(2) with respect to a foreign country, the President shall enter into consultations with the government of the country that the certification has been made. if consultations under subsection (a there are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $10,000,000 for each fiscal years 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $10,000,000 for each fiscal years 1995, 1996, 1997, 1997, 1998, and 1999 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. "
133,"<pad> summarize: floods have affected 82 of 122 districts of the country. more than 1.9 million houses were damaged or destroyed. more than 5,000 miles of roads and railways were washed away. 5.3 million jobs have been lost due to the floods. senate of congence: conditions caused by flooding in Pakistan qualifies Pakistan for designation. senate of congae has ruled that the conditions are temporary. senate of congae has ruled that the conditions are temporary. senate of congae has ruled that the conditions are temporary. a foreign alien is deemed to satisfy the requirements of section 244(c)(1) of such Act. an alien who is a national of pakistan is deemed to satisfy the requirements of section 244(c)(1) of such Act. an alien returning to the united states in accordance with such an authorization shall be treated the same as any other returning alien provided temporary protected status."
134,"<pad> summarize: Section 318(d) is amended in paragraph (2) by striking ""Any communication"" and inserting ""Except as provided in paragraph (3), any communication"" disclosure statement required for communications paid for by corporations or labor organizations. if any, the statement will appear in writing at the end of the communication in a clearly readable manner."
135,<pad> summarize: the term'municipal solid waste' has the meaning given the term'municipal solid waste' under section 2(27) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act. such term does not include paper which is commonly recycled and which has been segregated from other solid waste.
136,<pad> summarize: the Fair Credit Reporting Act is amended in section 605. notice of status as an active duty military consumer relates to an item of adverse information. a consumer reporting agency may provide appropriate proof to a consumer reporting agency.
137,"<pad> summarize: Section 30102a of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the table of sections. section 30113 and 30114 are amended by redesignating section 30113. a person satisfies requirements set forth in section 30113 and 30114.section 32901(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (19), respectively. in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by inserting ""or an autocycle"" after ""a 4-wheeled vehicle"" and in paragraph (19), as redesignated, by inserting """" after the ""means an automobile"""
138,<pad> summarize: the term 'border region' means a portion of a border State. the term 'commercial vehicle' means a vehicle that is used for the primary purpose of transporting individuals. allocations may only be used in a border region for improvements to transportation and supporting infrastructure. Section 1101(a) of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century is amended by striking paragraph (9) and inserting: Coordinated border infrastructure program. Sections 1118 and 1119 of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st century are repealed. 
139,"<pad> summarize: section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsections: Excessive Compensation. no deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any excessive compensation for any employee of the taxpayer. the term 'compensation' includes wages, salary, fees, commissions, fringe benefits, deferred compensation, retirement contributions, options, bonuses, property, and any other form of remuneration that if an issuer approves the compensation, it may not exceed the lesser of $1,000, or an amount that is 25 times the median amount of compensation paid to all employees of that issuer during that taxable year. if an issuer does not approve the compensation described in clause (i), or less than 50 percent of the shareholders of the issuer vote to approve the compensation described in clause (i) "
140,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall promptly publish notice in the Federal Register. notice of any application or plan submitted to the Secretary pursuant to this section. the Secretary shall make electronically available to the public any such applications or plans. the Secretary shall promptly publish notice in the Federal Register.section 25 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is amended. each place it appears appears. subsection (l) of the outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is striking. if you are unsure, please contact us.Section 11 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is further amended by adding at the end the following: Certification of Compliance With Other Statutes. the Secretary shall not approve any exploration plan or significant revision of an exploration plan unless the Secretary certifies that such plan, approval, permit, or license is in compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act, Endangered Species Act, Marine Mammal Protection Act, Magnuson-Stevens Fisher Section 19 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is amended by striking so much as precedes subsection (a) and inserting. the Secretary shall treat the notice of any lease sale as an agency action requiring consultation with the Secretary of Commerce or of the Interior pursuant to section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973.Section 20 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is amended by adding at the end: Cumulative Impacts on marine mammal Species and Stocks and Subsistence use. the Secretary of Commerce or Interior shall incorporate any takings of such species or stock from any other reasonably foreseeable activities administered under this title. if takings from specified activities administered under this title will have a negligible impact on a marine mammal species or stock Section 23 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Additional Authority To Bring Action Under Other Statutes. any person may commence a civil action on the person's own behalf, against the United States and any other subject instrumentality or agency that is alleged to have approved a leasing program, lease sale, exploration plan or permit, or development and production plan."
141,<pad> summarize: Section 102. Technical clarification. Section 103. Reaching additional small business concerns. Section 104. Separate appropriations requirement. Section 202. Job creation and community benefit. Section 204. Disaster loan temporary personnel. Section 204. Disaster loan temporary personnel.
142,"<pad> summarize: subchapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. the table of parts for such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a designation under subsection (a) may be made with respect to any taxable year only at the time of filing the return of the tax imposed by chapter 1 for such taxable year. a member of a reserve component is eligible for a pay differential computed under subsection (c) a member of a reserve component is eligible for a pay differential for each month during which the member is serving on active duty for a period of more than 30 days pursuant to a call or order to active duty. a member may not be paid more than a total of $25,000 under this section."
143,"<pad> summarize: a new section is amended by adding at the end the following new items. the secretary of homeland security shall establish an office for bombing prevention. he shall develop and periodically update a national strategy required under section 210G. he shall also develop a pilot program that includes a domestic breeding program. Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new sections relating to section 317. the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall ensure coordination and information sharing regarding nonmilitary research, development, testing, and evaluation activities relating to detection and prevention of, protection against, and response to terrorist attacks in the united states. section 1307(f) of the 911 Commission Act of 2007 is amended by striking ""utilization"" and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting ""utilization of explosives detection canine teams"". tsa and all other agencies use explosive detection canines.the secretary of homeland security must submit a report to the committee on homeland security of the House of Representatives. it will be submitted by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. it includes consideration of the feasibility of reducing the price paid for the procurement of untrained canines."
144,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (2) of section 305(a) of the federal home loan mortgage Corporation Act is amended by inserting ""(A)"" after ""(2)"" in the first sentence, by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii), respectively. in the second sentence, by redesignating clauses (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), and in the last sentence, by striking ""115 percent"" each place such term appears and inserting "" subparagraph (A) of section 203(b)(2) of the national housing act is amended by inserting after ""175 percent"" a recalculation of the local median home price would otherwise result in a decrease in the maximum dollar amount limitation. this Act may not be construed to affect the loan limits in effect. this Act may not be construed to affect the loan limits in effect. if construconstrued to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be construed to be the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2011. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2011. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2011. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2011.."
145,"<pad> summarize: a qualified charity must primarily assist the poor. if an organization elects the application of this paragraph, the organization must maintain separate accounting for revenues and expenses of programs treated as a separate organization. if an organization is otherwise required to file such a return, such organizations shall provide copies of annual return. the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made after the 90th day after the date of the enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date. the amendments shall apply to contributions made after the 90th day after the date of the enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date.Section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (m) as subsection (n) and by inserting after subsection (l) the following new subsection: Deduction for Individuals Not Itemizing Deductions. the amount allowable under subsection (a) for the taxable year shall be taken into account as a direct charitable deduction under section 63.c) of section 68 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (2). the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1995. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1995.the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1994. a new paragraph will be added at the end. a new paragraph will be added. a new paragraph will be added. each applicable welfare program shall publish in the Federal Register and other publications generally available to the public within a reasonable period of time following the end of a fiscal year. information required to be included on a return under section 6033 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 by an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of such Code, including expenses for program services, administrative and general costs, and fundraising. each applicable welfare program shall make the information described in subsection (a the Comptroller General of the united states conducts a study. it determines if such programs meet the needs for which the programs were established. it will also determine if such programs do so in a cost-effective manner."
146,<pad> summarize: the national Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is authorized to carry out this title. the program established under section 202 will be conducted through a network of regional centers and the national technology institute. it will be conducted through a network of regional undersea research centers.
147,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Project"" means the Palmetto Bend Reclamation Project in the state of texas authorized under Public Law 90-562. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. State. if the conveyance under section 3 has not been completed within 1 year and 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the committee on resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. the Secretary shall convey to the State all right, title, and interest in and to the Project held by the United States.as a condition of the conveyance, the State shall pay the Secretary the adjusted net present value of current repayment obligations on the Project. the State shall also pay interest on the adjusted net present value of current repayment obligations from the date of State's most recent annual payment until closing at the interest rate for constant maturity United States Treasury notes of an equivalent term. Upon payment by the State under subsection (a), the obligation of the State and the Bureau of Reclamation under as a condition of conveyance under section 3, the State shall agree that the lands, water, and facilities of the Project shall continue to be managed and operated for the purposes for which the Project was originally authorized. that is, to provide a dependable municipal and industrial water supply, to conserve and develop fish and wildlife resources, and to enhance recreational opportunities. MANAGEMENT OF MINERAL ESTATE. all mineral interests in the Project retained by the united states shall be managed in a manner that will not interfere with the purposes for which the Project was authorized. if approved by the united states, the project will be governed by federal law.liable for damages of any kind arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to the Project. unless damages caused by acts of negligence committed prior to the date of conveyance by the United States. FUTURE BENEFITS will not be entitled to receive any benefits for the Project. federal reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902 ) and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act. if purchased, the State shall not be entitled to receive any benefits."
148,"<pad> summarize: Section 1860D-1(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-101(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Eligibility for low-income subsidy. in general, in the case of an applicable individual (as defined in clause (iii)), the term <unk> applicable individual' means a part D eligible individual who is determined to be a there are authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal years 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2011, an amount equal to $1 multiplied by the total number of individuals entitled to benefits, or enrolled, under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act. there are appropriated $4,000,000 to the national center on senior benefits outreach and enrollment. section 1860D-14(a)(3)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act.the Assistant Secretary of the Administration on Aging shall conduct a comprehensive study of screening processes used by government needs-based programs. in conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Assistant Secretary shall assess any duplications of effort under existing screening processes used by government needs-based programs. the study includes a cost-benefit analysis with respect to creating a uniform screening process or better streamlining existing screening processes. "
149,"<pad> summarize: the president, acting through the National Science and Technology Council, shall coordinate and support a national, interagency One Health Program to address infectious diseases in animals and the environment. the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in cooperation with the National Science and Technology Council, shall develop and submit to Congress a One Health Framework for coordinated Federal activities under the One Health Program. the framework described in paragraph (1) shall describe existing efforts and contain recommendations for building upon and complementing one health national centers of excellence shall carry out activities of the type described in the One Health Framework under section 2(b). a number of national centers of excellence are authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. president directs representatives of the united states to appropriate international bodies, including the multilateral development banks, the world health organization, the food and agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and the World Organization for animal health. he will direct representatives of the united states to use the influence of the United States to advocate that each such body commit to adopting approaches consistent with the one health initiative under section 3 to address animal and environmental sources of public health threats prior to their introduction into human populations"
150,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 3005 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. a subpoena issued under this section may be served upon a person designated under section 3061 of title 39. the postal Service may assess civil penalties in an amount of $10,000 per violation."
151,"<pad> summarize: labor costs incurred in providing mass transit in the national capital area have increased at an alarming rate. labor costs incurred for public transit in the national capital area cannot be offset by increasing costs to patrons. federal legislation is necessary under Article I of section 8 of the United States Constitution to balance the need to moderate and lower labor costs while maintaining industrial peace. interstate compact governing interstate compact agency operating in the national capital area. the term ""arbitration"" refers to either a single arbitrator, or a board of arbitrators, chosen under applicable procedures. an interstate compact agency's ""funding ability"" means any agency established by an interstate compact to which the District of Columbia is a signatory. arbitrator renders arbitration award involving employees of interstate compact agency. arbitrator may not make a finding or a decision for inclusion in a collective bargaining agreement governing conditions of employment without considering the following factors. if the arbitrator concludes that any costs to the agency do not adversely affect the public welfare. arbitration award to which section 4 applies, the interstate compact agency and the employees in the bargaining unit may agree in writing upon any modifications to the award within 10 days after the award is received by the parties. each party to an award that becomes binding under subsection (a) shall take all actions necessary to implement the award. the court shall review the award on the record, and shall vacate the award or any part of the award."
152,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (3) of section 897(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""more than 5 percent"" and inserting ""more than 5 or 10 percent, whichever is applicable,"" whichever is applicable. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to dispositions on and after the date of the enactment of this Act which is treated as a deduction for a taxable year of such trust ending after such date. the the term 'United States real property interest' does not include any interest in a corporation if "". the amendment shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. if "", the term 'United States real property interest' does not include any interest in a corporation."
153,"<pad> summarize: Section 226A(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 426-1(b)(2) is amended by inserting ""(a) In General. Every"" and inserting ""1836(a) each place it appears. Section 1838 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395(q)) is amended in the matter following paragraph (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection. Section 1905(a) of"
154,"<pad> summarize: amendments made by this Act apply only to individuals whose first month of entitlement to benefits under subsection (a), (b), (c) or (d) of section 202 of the social security act is a month after the month in which this Act is enacted."
155,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this program is to facilitate and mobilize investment in, and the long-term financing of, economically viable covered infrastructure projects of regional or national significance by providing funding for these projects, including through private sector financing, to accelerate the delivery of high-quality, critical infrastructure through a self-sustaining regional infrastructure accelerator that mitigates risk with technical expertise and best practices. the secretary of Treasury may establish a regional infrastructure accelerator program to provide grants to regional infrastructure accelerators to establish and administer a process for developing the priorities of and acquiring financing for covered infrastructure projects. the program established pursuant to this Act shall include an initial grant to a regional infrastructure accelerator that submits an application and a plan for promoting investment in covered infrastructure projects. regional infrastructure accelerator seeks a grant under this section. a regional infrastructure accelerator will submit an application to the Secretary. the secretary will review the reports submitted under subsection (e) and select not fewer than 4 regional infrastructure accelerators to receive a subsequent grant. regional infrastructure accelerators may make subgrants to state, local, or regional public entities for predevelopment costs. the subgrantee shall provide, or shall secure from other sources, funding for remaining balance of the project costs. the subgrantee may make subgrants to State, local, or regional public entities for predevelopment costs. report will include an overview of the Program and findings related to the effectiveness of regional collaboration on infrastructure investment, infrastructure finance, and the utilization of procurement methods. report will include an overview of the Program established under this Act. it will include an overview of the program and findings related to the effectiveness of regional collaboration on infrastructure investment, infrastructure finance, and the utilization of procurement methods. the term ""covered infrastructure project"" means an infrastructure project sponsored by a state, local, or regional public entity. the term ""covered infrastructure project"" means an infrastructure project that is sponsored by a state, local, or regional public entity. the term ""covered infrastructure project"" means an infrastructure project that is sponsored by a state, local, or regional public entity.$11,500,000 will be used for initial grants to regional infrastructure accelerator under section 3. $13,000,000 will be used for subgrants under section 4 to be expended not later than 6 months after the submission of the final report required under section 4(e). $500,000 will be used for administrative costs of the Program."
156,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 135(f) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ""consider"" and inserting ""transportation improvement programs"" the term'regional transportation planning organization' means the policy board of an organization established or designated under section 135(k)."
157,"<pad> summarize: for every dollar increase in shipments of United States aircraft internationally, nearly 35,000 jobs are created. a decrease in military aviation programs will have a negative impact on civil aviation programs. joint technology development programs would allow for transferring skills and technologies from the defense to the civilian aviation sector and would allow for the transfer back to defense, when necessary. program includes research on next-generation satellite communications. faa, industry, and u.s. are also involved. contracts and grants must be administered using procedures developed jointly. faa and faa have partnered to develop a program aimed at enhancing competitiveness.a national aviation research plan will be prepared within 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. it will include selected programs that jointly enhance public and private aviation technology development. a transfer of Federal Government-developed technologies to the private sector to promote economic strength and competitiveness.advisory committee shall be composed of not more than 20 members. advisory committee shall be composed of not more than 20 members. administrator and the secretary shall ensure universities, corporations, associations, industry, and other government agencies are represented. advisory committee may establish subordinate committees to the advisory committee to provide advice and recommendations on specific areas of research conducted under this Act. the term ""Administrator"" means the administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. the term ""advisory committee"" means the joint aviation research Advisory Committee established under section 5 and the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of defense. "
158,<pad> summarize: 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term 'qualifying renewable chemical' means any renewable chemical produced by the taxpayer in the united states or in a territory or possession of the united states.
159,"<pad> summarize: the development and production of proprietary economic economic information is essential to maintaining the health and competitiveness of critical segments of the United States economy and thus to the nation's security. the theft, misappropriation, and wrongful receipt, transfer, exchange, and use of stolen or misappropriated proprietary economic information by foreign governments and their agents or instrumentalities cost the United States Government and United States firms, businesses, industries, and consumers millions of dollars each year.a person convicted of violating section 571 of title 18 shall forfeit to the united states all property. the term 'proprietary economic information' means any officer, employee, proxy, delegate, or representative of a foreign nation or government. the term 'proprietary economic information' means any corporation, agency, institution, association, institution, or any other legal, commercial, or business entity. a person convicted of violating section 571 Section 2311 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting between items for ""Cattle"" and ""livestock"" items include all forms and types of personal property and chattels including data, plans, tools, mechanisms, compounds, formulas, designs, prototypes, processes, programs, codes, or commercial strategies. the property is not available generally to, or accessible by, the public."
160,"<pad> summarize: Section 10216 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. Section 709 of title 32, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. Section 709 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking. section 8336 of title 5, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the term ""FEHBP coverage"" means coverage provided under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. the term ""contingency operation"" has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(13) of title 10, United States Code. section 12731(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ""60 years of age"" and inserting ""55 years of age"". ""60 years of age"" both places it appears. ""55 years of age"" "
161,"<pad> summarize: section 402(j) of the public health service Act is amended in paragraph (1). the term 'applicable drug clinical trial' means an interventional study of a drug conducted outside of the united states. a premarket notification required under section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. and in subclause (II) by striking 'primary completion date' before ""means'director of the national institutes of health submits a report to the House of Representatives. he will submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. the report includes: based on information readily available in the data bank described in section 402(j) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 282(j)) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of health and human services shall issue final regulations to amend section 312.120 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations. it requires that clinical trial information for studies conducted outside the united states be submitted for inclusion in the registry and results data bank in accordance with section 402(j) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 282(j)), as a condition"
162,"<pad> summarize: the Environmental Protection Agency establishes a voluntary WaterSense program aimed at identifying and promoting water-efficient products, buildings and building landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall identify water-efficient products, buildings and building landscapes, facilities, processes, and services while meeting strict performance criteria, sensibly reduce water use."
163,<pad> summarize:......................... u.s. court-martial adjudging capital punishment unless convicted. u.s. court-martial adjudging capital punishment. u.s. court-martial adjudging capital punishment. u.s. court-martial adjudging capital punishment.
164,"<pad> summarize: interstate off-track wager, horsemen's group, host racing association have meanings. the term ""veterinarian-client-patient relationship"" has the meaning of that term as used in the Principles of Veterinary Medical Ethics of the American Veterinary Medical Association.independent anti-doping organization referred to in subsection (a) shall publish the rules required by subsection (b)(1). the independent anti-doping organization referred to in subsection (a) shall serve as the independent anti-doping organization referred to in subsection (a) with respect to horseraces described in that subsection. host racing association may conduct a horserace subject of an interstate off-track wager. an interstate off-track wager may be accepted by an off-track betting system. a host racing association shall obtain the consent required by subsection (a) of the independent anti-doping organization referred to in section 3(a) "
165,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Agriculture may convey to the Board of Trustees of the Internal Improvement Trust Fund of the State of Florida, or to its designee, all of the individual mineral interests of the United States in any parcel of real property for which a reversionary interest is released under section 1."
166,"<pad> summarize: a subchapter for a child of a woman Vietnam veteran is amended by adding a new subchapter. ""section 1811"" means a natural child of a woman who performed active military, naval, or air service. ""section 1813. health care"" means home care, hospital care, outpatient care, preventive health services. ""section 1822. monetary allowance"" means care and treatment chapter 18 is amended by striking ""chapter"" in sections 1801 and 1802 and inserting ""subchapter"" section 1805 is amended by striking ""and 1805"" and inserting ""1805, and 1815"" section 1806 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1806. definitions. ""1812. Covered birth defects""the amendments to this Act will take effect on the later of October 1, 2000. or the first day of the first month beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on the later of October 1, 2000."
167,"<pad> summarize: infertility affects 6,100,000 men and women with equal frequency. approximately 1 in 10 couples cannot conceive without medical assistance. only 25 percent of all health plan sponsors provide coverage for infertility services. a group health plan and a health insurance issuer providing health insurance coverage in connection with a group health plan shall ensure that coverage is provided for infertility benefits. the term <unk> infertility benefits' at a minimum includes diagnostic testing and treatment of infertility. if a live birth follows a completed embryo transfer, not less than 2 additional completed embryo transfers shall be provided. if the individual has been unable to section 2707 of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end of subpart 2. the term 'infertility benefits' at a minimum includes diagnostic testing and treatment of infertility. if a live birth follows a completed embryo transfer, not less than 2 additional completed embryo transfers shall be provided. a group health plan may not deny to an individual eligibility to enroll or to renew health benefits plan contract requirements are governed by 8904(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code. infertility benefits include diagnostic testing and treatment of infertility. procedures under paragraph (C) shall be limited to 4 completed embryo transfers. "
168,"<pad> summarize: partnerships between the contractor-operated facilities of the Department of Energy and small businesses can enhance growth of competitive small business opportunities. federal agencies, private industry, universities and the contractor-operated facilities can best perform their missions through partnerships and interactions that leverage the resources of each such entity. the contractor-operated facilities benefit from university interactions through access to leading edge research and through recruitment of the talent needed to pursue the missions of the facilities. the purpose of this Act are to improve the ability of small businesses, federal agencies, industry, and universities to work with the contractor-operated facilities of the department of energy. the act encourages the contractor-operated facilities to expand their partnerships with universities and industries. Section 31a. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended in paragraph (5). it is amended in paragraph (6), by striking ""and"" at the end. and by inserting "", and"" at the end. section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by striking. a striking strike is imposed on the u.s. and u.s. embassy. u.s. embassy. the Secretary of Energy shall not recover more than the full cost of work incurred at contractor-operated facilities of the Department of Energy. costs incurred in connection with work performed by contractor-operated facilities shall be funded from departmental administration accounts of the Department of Energy. a pro rata share of overhead charges for overhead-funded services directly required for performance of the specific work for external customers as a whole. the table of contents of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to chapter 4 of title I. the table of contents of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to chapter 4 of title I. a contractor may spend not more than 0.25 percent of the total operating budget of a contractor-operated facility.Contractor-operated facilities of the Department of Energy. contractor-operated facilities of the Department of Energy. contractor-operated facilities of the Department of Energy. if you are a contractor-operated facility, please contact us."
169,<pad> summarize: the Secretary of health and human services shall establish a five-year demonstration project. payment may be made to each participating State. the state plan provides for payment under the plan for community-based inpatient substance use disorder treatment services furnished to qualified individuals.
170,"<pad> summarize: u.s. intelligence community estimates that taepo dong 2 could threaten entire continental u.s. with a ballistic missile. north Korea, in violation of resolution 1718, launched a ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missile on may 5, 2009. u.s. has test-fired six short-range missiles Congress acknowledges that North Korea's and Iran's ballistic missile technology is improving and could be used to deliver chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons. congress acknowledges that North Korea's long-range ballistic missile technology is improving and could be used to deliver chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons. he supports ballistic missile protection of United States allies and forward deployed forces.not less than 40 ground-based interceptors are deployed at Fort Greely. not less than 4 ground-based interceptors at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. such number of ground-based interceptors at such other locations as the president determines appropriate. funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2010. funds are authorized to be appropriated for the ground-based midcourse defense system of the Missile Defense Agency in the amount of $500,000,000. if approved, funds will be appropriated for fiscal year 2010. "
171,"<pad> summarize: a slaughterhouse, processing establishment, or grinding facility shall test each lot based on sampling standards and procedures determined by the Secretary of Agriculture. a slaughterhouse, processing establishment, or grinding facility shall report any positive or presumptive positive results directly to a specific individual designated by each slaughterhouse, processing establishment, or grinding facility. a federally inspected or retail establishment that received part of the original product lots may be eligible for importation into the united states federal meat inspection programs identify all sources, including the slaughterhouse source, of adulteration and contamination of enteric foodborne pathogens in meat. or adulterated or contaminated meat is found in commerce, including foodborne outbreaks.fda must implement sampling protocols using methods and technologies. tracing of adulterated and contaminated meat and meat food products is required. fda must also conduct tracing procedures to determine source of contamination."
172,<pad> summarize:......................... 'wholesaler' means a person licensed as a wholesaler or distributor of prescription drugs in the united states under section 801(d)(1). 'wholesaler' does not include a person authorized to import drugs under section 801(d)(1). 'wholesaler' means a person licensed as a wholesaler or distributor of prescription drugs in the united states under section 503(e)(2).
173,<pad> summarize: underserved area supermarket is defined as a rehabilitated building. the term 'underserved area supermarket' means any supermarket located in an underserved area. the term 'overserved area' means any enterprise community or empowerment zone with a designation in effect under section 1391.
174,"<pad> summarize: the rise of global trade has created both new commercial opportunities and new health risks. governments have the right and responsibility to protect their countries from the threat of disease. trade is responsible for the rapid spread of disease around the globe and increases the risk of a pandemic outbreak. if a country fails to abide by regulations designed to prevent, protect against, and control disease. u.s. Trade Representative proposes to the world trade organization that the rights and obligations of the world trade organization should take into account if countries are undermining the trade system by failing to abide by rules of other international organizations with regard to public health. include in the proposal options for its implementation, such as provisions that would give members of the world trade Organization the right to impose sanctions or other punitive measures on members that have been found to violate the international the secretary of health and human services shall send a full and complete report. each country complies with and enforces the international health regulations. each country uses effective epidemiological principles to detect, reduce, or eliminate the sources from which infection spreads. the extent to which each country uses effective epidemiological principles."
175,"<pad> summarize: recommands adopted by the Quadrennial Energy Review of 2015. recommands are to enhance integration of energy markets. recommands are also adopted. recommands are adopted. recommands are adopted. the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the Energy Information Administration. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Energy. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Energy. the term ""Administrator"" means the Secretary.SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO DOMESTIC ENERGY. it is the sense of Congress that the production and distribution of energy in the u.s. requires access to infrastructure and markets. sen. ENERGY SECURITY is based on ENERGY SECURITY. the secretary will collaborate with the heads of other Federal agencies. and may consult with allies and key trading partners of the u.s. SHARED INFRASTRUCTURE will lead an interagency effort to improve data collection capabilities. the secretary will lead an effort to improve data collection capabilities. the secretary will lead an interagency effort to improve data collection capabilities. the Secretary coordinates the training of technical staff in applicable Federal agencies responsible for evaluating and implementing cross-border energy projects. the secretary shall coordinate the training of, and enhanced dialogue among, technical staff in applicable Federal agencies that are responsible for evaluating and implementing cross-border energy projects. sydney's senate is sworn in as senate speaker. senate speaker david cameron is senate speaker. senate senate is senate democrats. the Administrator shall collaborate with the appropriate officials in Canada and Mexico, as determined by the Administrator, to improve the quality and transparency of North American energy data through reconciliation of data on energy trade flows among the United States, Canada, and mexicans. the extension of energy mapping capabilities in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. condensate is a petroleum product. condensate is a petroleum product. condensate is processed by congress. condensate is a petroleum product. condensate is a petroleum product. the Secretary shall develop a standard definition of the term ""condensate"" the Assistant Secretary for Fossil Energy may assess the suitability of condensate separately from crude oil. the Administrator may collect data regarding condensate and crude oil production in the united states. Secretary of the Interior shall direct appropriate agencies to assess condensate separately from crude oil. director of the office of Natural Resources Revenue may collect data regarding condensate separately from crude oil produced in the united states. director may estimate condensate separately from crude oil as part of resource assessments regarding geological formations in the united states. director may include estimates of condensate separately from crude oil as part of resource assessments regarding geological formations in the any domestic crude oil or condensate may be exported without a federal license. a federal license may be issued to countries not subjected to sanctions by the united states. if exports are illegal, they may be exported without a federal license."
176,"<pad> summarize: cavernous angioma affects an estimated 1,500,000 people in the u.s. there is a shortage of physicians familiar with cavernous angioma. cdc is a specialized medical imaging technique. the CARE Center shall consist of full- and part-time cavernous angioma researchers, clinicians, and medical staff including a medical director with expertise in cavernous angioma research and clinical care. the CARE Center shall consist of full- and part-time cavernous angioma researchers, clinicians, and medical staff including a medical director with expertise in cavernous angioma research and clinical care and clinical care"
177,<pad> summarize:......................... removing potential nuclear weapons materials from vulnerable sites would reduce the possibility that such materials could fall into the hands of al qaeda or other groups and states hostile to the united states. the president shall establish a task force to be known as the Task Force on nuclear material removal.
178,"<pad> summarize: section 8341 of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (h)(1). section 8341 of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (h)(1). section 8342(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (h)(1). section 8342(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (h)(1)."
179,"<pad> summarize: BACKGROUND CHECKS. Background checks for school employees. each state that receives funds under this Act shall have in effect policies and procedures that require criminal background checks be conducted for school employees that include a search of the State criminal registry or repository in the state in which the school employee resides. section 9536 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 9536. passed the house of representatives December 21, 2010. attest: ""section 9537. Background checks""...."
180,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 105 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 is amended by adding at the end a new paragraph. the secretary of labor shall issue a certificate of employment to a minor under the age of 16. if a minor suffers a death or an injury resulting in lost work time of more than 3 working days, not later than 10 days."
181,"<pad> summarize: the study shall be conducted nationwide. it will examine, at a minimum, the extent to which there exists sexual harassment against gay and lesbian students in secondary schools. it will examine, at a minimum, with regard to secondary schools the extent to which there exists sexual harassment against gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender students in secondary schools.enactment of this Act will be notified to congress and to the secretary of education a report. the report and recommendations shall be disseminated to the public by means that include the internet. the report and recommendations shall be disseminated, in a manner that is easily understandable.the head of each Federal department or agency cooperates in all respects with the Commission relating to the study under section 2. the term ""federal department or agency"" means any agency as defined in section 551 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. the term ""Federal department or agency"" there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2002. any amount appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. if appropriated under the authority of subsection (a) "
182,"<pad> summarize: Section 3703(c)(4)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by striking out ""Discount"" and in lieu thereof ""Exempt in the case of a loan for the purpose specified in section 3710(a)(8), 3710(b)(7), or section 3712(a)(1) of this title, discount"" section 3707(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking out. ""on the anniversary of the date on which the loan was closed"". if the loan was closed, it would be refunded. "
183,"<pad> summarize: u.s. unfair trade laws have as their purpose the restoration of conditions of fair trade so that jobs and investment that shouldn't be in the United States are not lost through the false market signals. continued dumping or subsidization of imported products can frustrate the remedial purpose of the laws by preventing market prices from returning to fair levels. small businesses and American farmers and ranchers may be unable to pay down accumulated debt, to obtain working capital. Title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended by inserting after section 753 following new section relating to section 753. 'continued dumping and subsidy offset' means any manufacturer, producer, farmer, rancher, or worker representative. 'affected domestic producer' means any manufacturer, producer, farmer, rancher, or worker representative."
184,"<pad> summarize: rehabilitation is a grant to the Collections of Life and Heritage, Inc a nonprofit corporation of The APEX. a grant may not be made under subsection (a) unless an application is made to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. a grant may not be made under subsection (a) unless an application is made. the term ""Center"" means the African American Panoramic Experience Museum. the term ""Center"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. there are authorized to be appropriated $12,500,000 to the Secretary for fiscal year 1994 to rehabilitate and expand The APEX. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for fiscal year 1994 to rehabilitate and expand The APEX. "
185,<pad> summarize: a health care clearinghouse may use and disclose protected health information. a health care clearinghouse may use and disclose protected health information. a health care clearinghouse may use and disclose protected health information. a health care clearinghouse may be held liable for a violation of a HIPAA-related provision.
186,"<pad> summarize:......................... the task force shall identify the energy needs of the forest product industry and similar manufacturing operations. the task force shall establish a task force to address the energy needs of the forest product industry and similar manufacturing operations. the task force shall make recommendations on how the Secretary may more effectively serve the needs identified under subparagraph (ii), and programs and services identified under subparagraph (ii)"
187,"<pad> summarize: ""video games"" and ""video devices"" mean any interactive computer game placed in interstate commerce. the term ""video game industry"" means all manufacturers of video games and related products. the term ""video game industry"" means all manufacturers of video games. a vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a vacancy on the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. voluntary industry response is sufficient to adequately warn parents and users of violence or sex content of video games. if before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission makes a determination of adequate industry response under paragraph (1)(B)(ii) and a determination that sufficient voluntary standards are established.antitrust laws as defined in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act and the law of unfair competition under section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act shall not apply to any joint discussion, consideration, review, action, or agreement by or among persons in the video game industry. the exemption provided for in this subsection shall not apply to any joint discussion, consideration, review, action, or agreement which results in a boycott of any person."
188,"<pad> summarize: the value of this forest vegetation far exceeds the cost of managing these stands for a healthy, productive ecosystem. the current regulatory structure and overall policy direction further hinder the flexibility of the Forest Service to plan and prepare projects that effectively consider local conditions and opportunities or capture market opportunities. the current regulatory structure and overall policy direction further hinder the flexibility of the Forest Service to plan and prepare projects that effectively consider local conditions and opportunities or capture market opportunities. to combat the adverse human and environmental consequences of catastrophic wildfire. to use a science-based, adaptive management approach to manage fire-generated, overstocked forest stands to improve forest health, meet current and future environmental needs. to demonstrate the cost-effective use of private contractors to perform substantive planning and plan implementation tasks. Adaptive management research plan is required in the state of washington. it provides for the implementation and evaluation of controlled silvicultural treatment. the research plan will apply to the following areas of the Colville National Forest. a portion of the amount annually allocated to the Colville National Forest. "
189,"<pad> summarize: a covered coin or precious metal dealer shall disclose to the consumer, prior to any sale of coins or precious metal bullion, the following information. any fee that is or may be incurred by the customer if the sale was to be consummated.a violation of this Act or a regulation issued pursuant to this Act shall be treated as an unfair or deceptive act or practice in violation of a regulation under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 USC. 57a(a)(1)(B)) regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices. a civil action may be brought in a district court of the united states. a civil action may be instituted against a defendant named in the complaint. a civil action may be brought in any district in which the defendant is an inhabitant or transacts business or wherever venue is proper.""coin or precious metal dealer"" means any person that sells gold coins or bullion for investment purposes. the term ""melt-value"" means the reasonable estimated value of any coin or precious metal if such item was processed and refined.exemption applies to rare and collectable coins which constitute only a limited or insignificant portion of the overall value of the coin. a limited or insignificant portion of the overall value of such coins is not affected by the increase or decline in the value of such precious metals. "
190,"<pad> summarize:......................... oxazolidinone 312011....... 9902.01.00 Trisubstituted Free No change No change No change On or before 12. dthiazolium, 2- 312011.... 5-chloro-3 2(3H)- benzothiazolylide nemethyl-1, inner salt... 9902.01.00 Benzothiazolium, 2- Free No change No change No change On or before 12"
191,"<pad> summarize: domestic threats to national security and the increased use of national guard forces for out-of-State deployments greatly increase the potential for service by members of State defense forces established under section 109(c) of title 32, United States Code. the efficacy of State defense forces is impeded by lack of standardized military training, arms, equipment, support, and coordination. Section 109 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections, respectively. reaffirming that those forces will be used exclusively at the local level and in accordance with State law. the Secretary of Defense may coordinate homeland security efforts with, and provide assistance to, a defense force established under subsection (c)"
192,"<pad> summarize: Section 32 of the Small Business Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: Veterans Business Outreach Centers. Establishment. The Administrator, acting through the Associate Administrator for Veterans Business Development, shall establish Veterans Business Outreach Centers to offer business planning assistance to veterans."
193,"<pad> summarize: federal agencies have enforced, enforced, and prescrib regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. there are more than 16 million State-registered boats, 110,000 commercial fishing vessels, and 53,000 freight and tank barges operating in United States waters. since 1973 certain discharges incidental to the normal operation of these vessels have been exempted from regulation. the commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an evaluation and review of vessel discharges, other than aquatic nuisance species, as in effect on January 5, 1989. the evaluation shall include a characterization of the various types and composition of such discharges by different classes of vessels and by classes of vessels in the aggregate. an analysis of current technologies or best management practices, and their associated costs, used to control such discharges.a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this section may be filed within 120 days. a state may prohibit a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. a discharge is not subjected to the permit exclusion contained in section 122.3 of title 40."
194,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. a commission will submit findings and recommendations. a presentation of capital and operating expenses will be presented... the purpose of this Act is to establish a. commission which will submit findings and recommendations to provide a. more effective presentation of capital and operating expenses. the federal government does not take a comprehensive look at capital investment programs across agency and program lines to see how they fit into a national strategy for maintaining and improving the nation's public facilities. there is no consistent basis for setting priorities among projects and programs, and there is no framework in which to identify those with similar objectives and those that are at cross-purposes. a separate capital budget would establish a useful planning process because it would focus on long-term projects COMMISSION ON THE PRESENTATION OF THE BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES is established. the Commission shall be composed of the following 9 members - the Deputy Director of the Office of management and budget. the Comptroller General of the United States, or his or her delegate. the Commission shall study and investigate the manner in which all departments, agencies, independent establishments, and instrumentalities of the United States Government participate in the formulation and presentation of the United States budget. recommendations may include proposed legislation and administrative actions the Commission considers appropriate to provide improved governmental processes in the formulation, presentation, and implementation.five members constitute a quorum, except that a lesser number may hold hearings. five members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, except that a lesser number may hold hearings. the Commission may request information, suggestions, estimates, and statistics for the purposes of this Act. the individual Commission members shall obtain staff support from their respective employing organizations. the individual Commission members shall obtain staff support from their respective employing organizations. the individual Commission members shall obtain staff support from their respective employing organizations. the individual Commission members shall obtain staff support from their respective employing organizations. TERMINATION. the Commission shall cease to exist on the 30th day after the date on which it submits its report under section 5(c)......... "
195,"<pad> summarize: the term ""additional coverage"" has the meaning given the term in section 502(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 USC. 1502(b)). the term ""insurable commodity"" means an eligible crop for which the producers on a farm are eligible to obtain assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996. the secretary of agriculture shall make emergency financial assistance available under this section in the same manner as provided the Secretary shall make and administer payments for livestock losses to producers for 2003 or 2004 losses to producers. a county that has received an emergency designation by the President or the Secretary after January 1, 2003. the Secretary shall make assistance available under section 806 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001.the Secretary will use the sums necessary of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation. he will provide assistance under the tree assistance program established under subtitle C of title X of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002. COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION uses funds, facilities, and authorities to carry out this Act. the Secretary will use the funds, facilities, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this Act.the Secretary may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act. Procedure. a statement of policy of the secretary of agriculture effective July 24, 1971. Congressional Review of Agency Rulemaking. a statement of policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971.amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act are designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 402 of S. Con. Res. 95. such amounts shall be available only to the extent that an official budget request is transmitted by the President to the Congress. amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act are each designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 402 of S. Con. Res. 95. "
196,"<pad> summarize:......................... sally kohn: travel and tourism play a major role in reducing the United States unfavorable balance of trade. kohn: most of the nations do not currently require Koreans entering their countries to have a visa. kohn: if the alien previously was admitted without a visa under this section, the alien must not have failed to comply. kohn: if a tour operator fails to comply with the"
197,"<pad> summarize: the Congress finds that genomic science promises a revolution in the development of new and effective genomic technologies and other innovations. federal innovation policies can help stimulate innovation by attracting capital investment to the development of commercial products. such policies can also inhibit basic research and hinder sharing of information that is the basis of scientific progress, thereby slowing the innovation process. decisions about intellectual property policy being made now are likely to have significant impacts on basic research and the development of genomic technology director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall conduct, or may contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study that assesses the impact of Federal policies on the innovation process for genomic technologies. the study will identify and quantify, to extent possible, the actual and reasonably expected effects of innovation policy on genomic science and technology innovation. the study shall identify and quantify, to extent possible, the actual and reasonably expected effects of innovation policy on genomic science and technology innovation 270 days after enactment of this Act, the director of the office of science and technology policy shall transmit a report to Congress. the report contains the findings of the study conducted under section 3. the report makes recommendations for policies needed to optimize the genomic technology pipeline. incorporated into a coordinated interagency policy to promote innovation in genomic science and technology. incorporated into a coordinated interagency policy to promote innovation in genomic science and technology. incorporated into a coordinated interagency policy. the term ""genomic materials"" means any material containing a pathogen polynucleotide sequence other than genetic probes and markers and transgenic organisms. the term ""innovation policy"" includes intellectual property protection. "
198,"<pad> summarize: Section 25(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act is amended in paragraph (1) by inserting. in subparagraph (B) by striking ""not less than 50 percent of the costs incurred for the first 3 years. by inserting ""the"" and inserting ""the"""
199,"<pad> summarize: RIGHT TO ALTER, AMEND, OR REPEAL. Congress expressly reserves the right to alter, amend, or repeal this Act.......... the SMART Organization is authorized to allocate sums necessary to aid its activities. there may also be funding by the Organization of programs and projects consistent with the purposes of the Organization. a number of funds are authorized to be appropriated to the SMART Organization."
200,"<pad> summarize: algae Derived Fuel Mixture Credit is the product of $1.50 gallons of algae derived fuel produced by the taxpayer. the algae derived fuel credit is the product of $1.50 gallons of algae derived fuel produced by the taxpayer and sold at retail for use as a fuel or used by the taxpayer in a trade or business.paragraph (1) of section 6427(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ""or algae derived fuel mixture credit"" after ""alternative fuel mixture credit"" termination. heading for section 6427(e) of such Code is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting the following new subparagraph."
201,"<pad> summarize: Thousands of computer systems, software, and semiconductors are not capable of recognizing certain dates in 1999 and after December 31, 1999. this could cripple systems that are essential to the functioning of markets, commerce, consumer products, utilities, government, and safety systems in the united states and throughout the world. prompt and thorough disclosure and exchange of information relating to Year 2000 readiness of entities, products, and services would greatly enhance the ability of public and private entities to improve their readiness the term ""Year 2000 statement"" means any statement concerning an assessment, projection, or estimate relating to Year 2000 processing capabilities of an entity or entities, product, or service, or a set of products or services. the term ""statement"" means a disclosure or other conveyance of information by 1 party to another or to the public excluding, for the purposes of any actions brought under the securities laws. if the statement was false, inaccurate, or misleading, the maker of such statement shall not be liable unless the claimant establishes that the statement was material. if the statement was a republication of a statement regarding a third party, the statement was false, inaccurate, or misleading.this Act does not affect, abrogate, amend, or alter, the authority of a Federal or State entity, agency, or authority to enforce a requirement to provide, disclose, or not to disclose, information. this Act does not affect, abrogate, amend, or alter, any right by written contract, whether entered into by a public or private party, under any Federal or State law. this Act does not preclude claims not based this Act shall apply to any Year 2000 statement made on or after July 14, 1998, through July 14, 2001. this Act shall not affect or apply to any action pending on July 14, 1998. this Act shall not affect or apply to any action pending on July 14, 1998. "
202,"<pad> summarize: congress approves pick-sloan Missouri River Basin program. john mccain: it's a good idea to protect urban and rural areas from floods. mccain: if u.s. is not able to provide for irrigation above Sioux City, it's a good idea. mccain: u.s. should not be able to protect rural areas from flooding. the term ""Indian tribe"" has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act. the term ""Program"" means the power program of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin program. the term ""santee sioux tribe"" means the Santee Sioux Tribe of Nebraska.yankton sioux tribe development trust fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there is established a fund known as the ""Yankton Sioux Tribe Development Trust Fund"" yankton sioux tribe may enter into an agreement under clause (i) only in connection with the purchase of land or other capital assets. yankton sioux tribe may not pledge an amount greater than 40 the fund shall consist of any amounts deposited in the Fund under this Act. the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit $8,132,838 into the Fund not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act.the tribal council of each of the Yankton sioux and Santee Sioux Tribes shall prepare a plan for the use of the payments to the Indian tribe under section 4(d) or 5(d). each Tribal Plan shall provide for the manner in which the Indian tribe covered under the Tribal Plan shall expend payments to the Indian tribe under this Act to promote economic development, (2) infrastructure development.no payment made pursuant to this Act shall result in the reduction or denial of any service or program to which the Yankton Sioux Tribe or Santee Sioux Tribe is otherwise entitled because of the status of the Indian tribe as a federally recognized Indian tribe. or any individual who is a member of a Indian tribe under paragraph (1) is entitled because of the status of the individual as a member of the Indian tribe. this act may be construed as diminishing or affecting any water right of an Indian tribe. it may be construed as diminishing or affecting any water right of an Indian tribe. it may be construed as diminishing or affecting any treaty right that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act.there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. there may also be such sums necessary for the administration of the Yankton Sioux Tribe Development Trust Fund under section 4. the Santee Sioux Tribe of Nebraska Development Trust Fund under section 5. "
203,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 73 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. ""1519. Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcy,"" chapter 73 says. who knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsifies, or makes a false entry. Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""1348. Securities fraud"" if convicted of defrauding a person in connection with a security under section 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.guideline offense levels and enhancements are sufficient to deter and punish that activity. guideline offense levels and enhancements are sufficient for a fraud offense if the number of victims adversely implicated is significantly greater than 50. a specific offense characteristic enhancing sentencing is provided. Section 523(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended in paragraph 17. in paragraph (18), by striking ""or"" after the semicolon. a claim relating to a violation of any of the Federal securities laws relates.Section 507(a) of title 11 is amended in paragraph (3) by striking ""90"" and inserting ""180"" and in paragraphs (3) and (4) by striking ""$4,000"" each place it appears and inserting ""$10,000""Section 1658 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""(a)"" before ""Except"" a private right of action that involves a claim of fraud, deceit, manipulation, or deliberate or reckless disregard of a regulatory requirement concerning the securities laws may be brought not later.chapter 73 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1514 the following new item: ""1514A. Civil action to protect against retaliation in fraud cases"" no company with securities registered under section 6 of the Securities Act of 1933 or section 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against an employee. RETIREMENT SECURITY FRAUD BUREAU renamed retirement security Fraud Bureau in general. renamed retirement security Fraud Bureau in general. renamed retirement security Fraud Bureau."
204,"<pad> summarize: Section 1111(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 6311(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end: Waivers. The Secretary shall grant each State that meets the requirements of clause (ii) a waiver of all provisions of this Act related to adequate yearly progress. the State establishes academic content standards in reading, writing, and mathematics."
205,"<pad> summarize:.........................the term ""county"" means approximately 2 acres, more or less, of the federally owned land. the term ""Property"" means approximately 2 acres, more or less, of the federally owned land. the County shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the market value of the property."
206,"<pad> summarize: if a cruise vessel fails to reimburse a passenger, the commission may impose a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 a year. if a passenger fails to disclose the name of a cruise vessel. if a passenger fails to provide a printed version of that ticket, the penalty is equal. if a delay is more than 48 hours, is equal to half the price of the ticket."
207,"<pad> summarize: Section 2104 of the Social Security Act is amended in subsection (a)(11), by striking ""and 2009"" and inserting ""through 2012"" Section 2105(g)(1)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1397ee(g)(1)(A) is amended by striking subsection (l) and inserting the following new subsections: Additional Allotments To Maintain SCHIP Programs Through Fiscal Year 2012. Appropriation Section 2105(g) is amended in paragraph (1)(A) by adding ""subject to paragraph (4),"" after ""notwithstanding any other provision of law"" a qualifying State may elect to be paid from the State's allotment made under section 2104 for any fiscal year. "
208,"<pad> summarize: an individual's right to religious belief and worship cannot impede an individual's access to legal prescriptions, including contraception. an individual's right to religious belief and worship cannot impede an individual's access to legal prescriptions, including contraception. a pharmacy that receives prescription drugs or prescription devices in interstate commerce must maintain compliance with the following conditions. if a product is not in stock, the pharmacy ensures that the product is, without delay, ordered by another pharmacist employed by the pharmacy. a pharmacy that violates subsection (a) is liable to the united states for a civil penalty in an amount not exceeding $5,000 per day of violation."
209,"<pad> summarize: the government and the people of the u.s. are determined to end the isolation and stigmatization of individuals with intellectual disabilities. special Olympics provides year-round sports training and competitive opportunities to 1,500,000 athletes with intellectual disabilities in 26 sports and plans to expand the joy of participation through sport to hundreds of thousands of individuals with intellectual disabilities within the united states and worldwide over the next 5 years. the Secretary of State may award grants to, or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with, Special Olympics to carry out activities to promote the expansion of Special Olympics outside of the United States. activities to improve the awareness outside of the united states of the abilities of individuals with intellectual disabilities and the unique contributions that individuals with intellectual disabilities can make to society.Special Olympics shall submit an application at such time, in such manner. each annual report under this subsection shall describe the degree to which progress has been made toward meeting the goals and objectives described in the applicable application submitted under subsection (a) of section 3. at a minimum, an application under this subsection shall contain the following: Activities.there are authorized to be appropriated for grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under section 3(a), $5,500,000 for fiscal year 2005. grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under section 3(b), $3,500,000 for fiscal year 2005, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years."
210,"<pad> summarize: checkoff programs are intended to increase demand for an agricultural commodity. laws establishing checkoff programs broadly prohibit the use of funds in any manner for the purpose of influencing legislation or government action. the unlawful use of checkoff programs funds benefits some agricultural producers while harming many others. strict separation of engagement between the Boards and policy entities is necessary.the term ""Board"" means a board, committee, or similar entity established to carry out a checkoff program. the term ""Board"" means a program to promote and provide research and information for a particular agricultural commodity without reference to specific producers or brands. the term ""conflict of interest"" means direct or indirect financial interest. a Board shall not enter into any contract or agreement to carry out checkoff program activities with a party that engages in activities relating to agriculture. conflict of interest. a Board shall not engage in, and shall prohibit the employees and agents of the Board, acting in their official capacity, from engaging in any act that may involve a conflict of interest. a Board shall publish and make available for public inspection all budgets and disbursements of funds if any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance is unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act and the application of the provision to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected. the remainder of this Act, and the application of the provision to any other person or circumstance, shall not be affected."
211,"<pad> summarize: section 35 is amended by inserting after section 34 a new section relating to section 35. if an individual is allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this subtitle. the tax credit limitation amount for any calendar year is the amount that the Secretary estimates will result in a reduction of revenues to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund for such calendar year equal to the increase in revenues for such year. credit for portion of employee OASDI taxes. OASDI taxes are taxed based on employee OASDI taxes. OASDI taxes are taxed based on employee OASDI taxes. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. the amendments will apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. taxable years begin after December 31, 1993. paragraph (1) of section 3121(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ""except in the case of the tax imposed by section 3101(a),"" after ""(1)"" a new clause is added to the section 1402 of such Code. "
212,"<pad> summarize: there are currently more than 137,000,000 wireless telephone users in the u.s. this is more than a 121 percent increase in the number of such users in the past five years alone. in the future this number is projected to grow as consumers switch from wireline to wireless telephone service for their primary telephone service. Federal Communications Commission shall require each wireless telephone service provider offering service in one of the 100 largest Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSA), as defined by the Bureau of the Census, to provide consumers with the option to port their telephone number between wireless telephone service providers. the requirement in paragraph (1) shall be implemented in each Metropolitan Statistical Area referred to in that paragraph without regard to the receipt of a request from any telecommunications carrier in such Metropolitan Statistical Area for wireless telephone fdc requires that any publication of wireless telephone service providers set forth the following information. charges. information on charges, including calling- from area, monthly base charge, per-minute charges for minutes not included in the plan. Minutes. Information on minutes included in plan, including weekdaydaytime, nightsweekends, long-distance, roaming, incoming.each map shall contain the maximum practicable level of granularity. each such map shall contain the maximum practicable level of granularity. each such map shall be updated not less often than quarterly. if a plan or contract for the service is entered into.if such provisions were provisions of the Communications Act of 1934. a civil action may be brought on behalf of residents of a State. the attorney general of a State, or the public utility commission of a State if authorized by the laws of the State, may bring a civil action on behalf of the residents.the term ""wireless telephone service"" means a telecommunications carrier that provides wireless telephone service. the term ""wireless telephone service provider"" means a telecommunications carrier that provides wireless telephone service. the term ""wireless telephone service provider"" means a telecommunications carrier that provides wireless telephone service. "
213,"<pad> summarize: ""homeowners and their guests and resort owners and their guests"" is amended. ""or chain of lakes"" after ""shall have access to that particular lake"". if ""shall have access to that particular lake"" section 4(g) of Public Law 95-495 is amended to read as follows. nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent the operation of motorized vehicles and associated equipment necessary to assist in the transport of boats across the portages.the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Intergovernmental Council shall be composed of 11 members. three individuals, appointed by the Secretary after consideration of recommendations by the Governor, to represent the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, the Minnesota Environmental Quality Board, and the Minnesota Office of Tourism. vacancies in the Council shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. MANAGEMENT PLAN is amended by section 4 of this Act. the provisions of this section shall apply when the Secretary is amending and revising management plans for the wilderness or considering decisions that require public involvement and notification under the national Environmental Policy Act of 1969. the Secretary shall receive the draft amendments to the revised management plan prepared and submitted by the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Intergovernmental Council."
214,<pad> summarize: Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended by adding at the end the following. the term 'prosecutor' means a full-time employee of a State or local agency. a full-time federal defender attorney in a defender organization provides legal representation to indigent persons in criminal cases. a borrower will enter into a written agreement that specifies that the borrower will
215,"<pad> summarize: the need for interoperability must be balanced with the need for the appropriate and effective regulation of trade in defense articles and defense services. the arms Export Control Act represents a delegation to the executive branch of the constitutional power of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations. agreements to gain exemption from the International Traffic in Arms Regulations must be submitted to Congress for review.term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on international relations. the term ""defense services"" has the meaning given the term in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act. ""international traffic in arms Regulations"" means regulations maintained under sections 120 through 130 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations.Exceptions from bilateral agreement requirements apply to such a bilateral agreement between the United States Government and the Government of the United Kingdom. the requirements for a bilateral agreement described in paragraph (2)(A) shall not apply to such a bilateral agreement between the United States Government and the Government of the United Kingdom. the president shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that such agreement is in the national interest of the United States. does not adversely affect the ability of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations to provide consistent and adequate controls. not later than 30 days before authorizing an exemption from the licensing requirements of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations. not later than 30 days before authorizing an exemption from the licensing requirements of the international traffic in arms Regulations.the president submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report on issues raised during the previous year. each report shall contain detailed information on any notifications or consultations between the United States and the United Kingdom under the terms of any agreement with the United Kingdom. he lists all United Kingdom persons and entities that have been designated as qualified persons eligible to receive United States origin defense items exempt from the licensing requirements of the Arms Export Control Act. secretary of state shall notify congressional committees 90 days after receiving credible information. notification may be made in classified or unclassified form. description of the unauthorized end-use or diversion of the good or service. enforcement action taken by the government of the recipient nation."
216,<pad> summarize: CERTAIN FAMILY COVERAGE HEALTH INSURANCE COSTs CALLED TO ACTIVE DUTY. the credit allowed by subsection (a) shall not apply to self-only coverage for the eligible individual.
217,"<pad> summarize: short title, findings. Table of contents. short title, findings. short title, findings. Table of contents.. short title, findings. Table of contents.. Table of contents..safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard. safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard.. if you are a patient, please contact us for more information if you have any questions.. application of safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard to facilities receiving Medicare and Medicaid funds. a safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard is used to ensure patient handling, mobility and injury prevention. if you are unsure, please contact us for more information.Nonpreemption......................... Definitions........................the secretary of labor shall promulgate an interim final standard on safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention to prevent musculoskeletal disorders for direct-care registered nurses and all other health care workers handling patients. the interim final standard shall remain in effect until it is replaced by a final safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard. Section 1866 of the social security act is amended in subsection (a)(1)(V), by inserting ""and safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard"" in subsection (b)(4) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ""or the safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard"" after ""Bloodborne Pathogens standard"" this Act does not preempt any law, rule, or regulation of a State or political subdivision of a State. if such law, rule, or regulation is in conflict with this Act or a regulation or order issued under this Act. curtail or limit in any way the right of people with disabilities. direct-care registered nurse means an individual who has been granted a license by at least one state to practice as a registered nurse. the term ""employee"" means any individual employed by a health care employer, to include health care workers, as well as employees who do not qualify as health care workers, including independent contractors. the term ""employee"" includes the provision of services under a contract or other arrangement."
218,"<pad> summarize:......................... a credit amount equal to so much of the purchase price does not exceed $15,000. the amount of the credit allowed under subsection (a) shall be equally divided among the 3 taxable years beginning with the taxable year in which the purchase of the qualified principal residence is made. if a credit is allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under this section unless the purchaser submits a certification by the seller of"
219,"<pad> summarize: a candidate may become eligible to receive a campaign allotment under this title. a candidate who accepts any contribution from a multicandidate political committee may become eligible to receive a campaign allotment under this title. if the Commission fails to certify a charge under section 503(b)(1), it shall immediately notify the station, newspaper, or company involved of such action. if the Commission fails to certify"
220,"<pad> summarize: about 6,200,000 americans become infected each year. fda recommends all women get regular Pap tests. the papillomavirus is a recombinant vaccine. it does not contain a live virus. the vaccine is approved for use in females between the ages of 16 and 26. no Federal funds or other assistance may be made available to any State or political subdivision of a State to establish or implement any requirement that individuals receive vaccination for human papillomavirus (HPV). papillomavirus (HPV) is a virus that can be transmitted to humans."
221,"<pad> summarize: sen. john mccain says the department of Veterans Affairs has been an abysmal failure. mccain: the department of Veterans Affairs has experienced continuous delays and a total cost increase of nearly $1,000,000,000. mccain: the department of Veterans Affairs should fully implement all recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in an April 2013 report. section 8104 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. a project described in this paragraph is a construction or alteration project that is a major medical facility project. special project manager appointed under subsection conducts oversight. special project manager appointed under subsection to oversee a covered project. special project manager submits report detailing the progress of the covered project. a special project manager appointed under subsection (a) will oversee all construction-related operations at the project. no additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. KAREN L. HAAS passed the house of representatives September 16, 2014. "
222,"<pad> summarize: Section 60101 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (24) and inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (25) and adding at the end the following new paragraph.'release of a hazardous liquid or gas means any spilling, leaking, emitting, discharging, discharging, dumping, disposing, or any other uncontrolled escape of a hazardous liquid or gas from a pipeline' Section 60102(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the Secretary may determine that a regulation under subparagraph (A) unduly burdens interstate commerce. a State may not enforce a regulation covered by the preceding sentence. he may make a determination under subparagraph (B) only after notifying the State concerned. a release of a hazardous liquid or gas described in subparagraph (A) is a release involving any spill in excess of 40 liquid gallons. a release of a hazardous liquid or gas described in subparagraph (A) is a release involving any spill in excess of 40 liquid gallons. or any spill of more than 30 days duration.Section 60108(b) is amended in paragraph (1), by striking the second sentence. the Secretary shall require that inspections under paragraph (1) of the internal condition of a pipeline facility shall occur at least once every 5 years. inspections under subparagraph (A) shall occur at least once every 5 years.section 60102(a)(1)(C) is amended to read as follows. it may include a requirement that all individuals responsible for the operation and maintenance of pipeline facilities be tested for qualification to perform such functions and certified as qualified by the Secretary to perform such functions. a requirement that those individuals obtain additional education and training to qualify to perform such functions. the secretary of transportation shall conduct a study on the reliability and accuracy of internal and external inspection devices for pipeline facilities. the feasibility of requiring failsafe mechanisms that are nonelectronic and that do not rely on any human or administrative process.Section 60125(a) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (4). by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon. at least $4,000,000 should be available only for research and development of inspection devices and leak detection. at least $6,000,000 should be available only for research and development of inspection devices and leak detection. "
223,"<pad> summarize: Fern Lake and its surrounding watershed in Bell County, Kentucky, and Claiborne County, Tennessee, is within the potential boundaries of Cumberland Gap National Historical Park as originally authorized by the Act of June 11, 1940. the 4,500-acre Fern Lake watershed is privately owned, and the 150-acre lake and part of the watershed are currently for sale. the Secretary of the Interior is precluded from using appropriated funds if necessary. the term ""land"" means land, water, interests in land, and any improvements on the land. ""park"" means Cumberland Gap National Historical Park, as authorized and established by the Act of June 11, 1940. lands described in subsection (b) may be acquired by donation, purchase with donated or appropriated funds."
224,"<pad> summarize: despite the approval and implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, increased revenues have not been accompanied by federal funding. all 4 states along the united states-mexico border will require significant investments in highway infrastructure capacity and motor carrier safety enforcement at a time when border States face extreme difficulty in meeting current highway funding needs. the term ""border region"" means the region located within 60 miles of the border with Mexico. the term ""border state"" means California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. the term ""fund"" means the Border Transportation Infrastructure Fund established under section 4(g). the Secretary shall make grants under this section to border states. grants to border States for connecting, through construction or reconstruction, the National Highway System designated under section 103(b) of title 23, United States Code, with federal border crossing facilities located in the border region. grants for weigh-in-motion devices and associated electronic equipment to be located in the border region if real-time data from the devices is provided. the Secretary may transfer up to $10,000,000 of the amounts from the Fund. he may transfer the funds to the Attorney General for the construction of transportation infrastructure necessary for law enforcement in border states. the funds may be transferred to the Attorney General.federal line of credit may be drawn on only with respect to a completed project. a line of credit under this subsection may be drawn on only with respect to a completed project. a line of credit under this subsection may be drawn on only with respect to a completed project described in paragraph (3).the purpose of this section is to provide assistance for freight rail projects in border states that benefit international trade and relieve highways of increased traffic resulting from NAFTA. assistance provided under this section shall be limited to those freight rail projects located in the united states that provide intermodal connections that enhance cross-border traffic in the border region.the Secretary shall annually submit to congress and the Governor of each border State a report. the number of international commercial vehicle inspections conducted by each border State at each United States port of entry. and the rate of out-of-service violations of international commercial vehicles found through the inspections. "
225,"<pad> summarize: teen drivers comprised less than 7 percent of the driving population. teen drivers comprised about 40 percent of fatalities involving teen drivers. a higher age requirement is correlated with a lower number of fatal crashes per capita.a state is in compliance with the 2-stage licensing process described in paragraph (2). a state is in compliance with the 2-stage licensing process described in paragraph (2). if the State's driver's license laws include a learner's permit stage that commences at 16 years of age or older. if a State submits an application under subsection (b), the Secretary of Transportation shall award a grant to any State that submits an application if that State is in compliance with section 3(a). if that State is in compliance with section 3(a), the Secretary of Transportation shall review each State application and determine whether or not the State is in compliance with section 3(a). grants based on the amount apportioned to each such State on the first day of the fifth fiscal year beginning after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall withhold 5 percent of the amount otherwise required to be apportioned to any State for such fiscal year under each of the paragraphs (1), (3), and (4) of section 104(b) of title 23, United States Code if that State is not in compliance with section 3(a) on the first day of such fiscal year. if a"
226,"<pad> summarize: Section 379 of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 274k(a) is amended. it is amended by striking ""that meets"" and inserting ""that has the purpose of increasing the number of transplants for recipients suitably matched to biologically unrelated donors of bone marrow, and that meets"" a member of the board may continue to serve after the expiration of the term of such member until a successor is appointed. the section 379A is amended by striking section 379A and inserting the following. a scientific registry of information relating to patients who have been recipients of a transplant of bone marrow from a biologically unrelated donor is established. each such report shall use data collected and maintained.section 378 is transferred from current placement of the section. section 377 inserts section after section 377. section 379B is authorized to be appropriated $18,000,000 for fiscal year 1999. a portion of section 379A is inserted after section 377.u.s. investigators will conduct a study of the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry under section 379 of the Public Health Service Act. the extent to which such Registry has increased the representation of racial and ethnic minority groups among potential donors of bone marrow enrolled. the extent to which patients in need of a transplant of bone marrow from a biologically unrelated donor have been utilizing the Registry.the secretary of health and human services must ensure that the office is in compliance with all requirements imposed under section 379(d) of the Public Health Service Act. the office of patient advocacy is in compliance with all requirements imposed under section 379(d) of the Public Health Service Act.this Act takes effect October 1, 1998 whichever occurs later. this Act takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act whichever occurs later. enactment of this Act takes effect october 1, 1998. "
227,<pad> summarize: school district may apply for such payment within 30 days after enactment of this Act. a subgroup of 10 or more generally comparable local educational agencies may apply. a school district shall apply for such payment within 30 days after enactment of this Act. the Secretary shall multiply the average per-pupil expenditure for all States by 0.7. the Secretary shall next subtract the total amount of payments received by the local educational agency under subsections (b) and (d) for a fiscal year from the amount determined under clause (ii).
228,"<pad> summarize: 69 per cent of women had ruptures in one or more silicone breast implants. 69 per cent of women had ruptures in one or more silicone breast implants. 69 per cent of women had ruptures in one or more silicone breast implants. Section 903 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections and (h), respectively. there is established within the Office of the Commissioner an office to be known as the Office of women's health. the Office shall be headed by a director, who shall report directly to the Commissioner. breast implant is intended to augment or reconstruct a female breast. if an application under section 515 for a breast implant is approved, the Secretary must determine appropriate clinical care and removal and replacement requirements for the implant. a study on the ionization and levels of platinum in silicone gel breast implants in vivo.the secretary of health will convene a scientific workshop within six months after the date of the enactment of this Act. the scientific workshop will address the scientific questions identified in the recent limited approval of Plan B emergency contraception. the workshop will include scientific and clinical representatives from the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the Society of Adolescent Medicine, the American Medical Association, the National Institute of"
229,<pad> summarize: 210 is amended by inserting after section 210 the following new item relating to section 210A. the attorney general may adjust the status of an alien to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien submits an application. the alien fulfills at least 1 of the following qualifications: Alien sponsored by a labor organization and employed in an occupation with a worker shortage.
230,"<pad> summarize: Title III of the Clean Air Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 330. NO REGULATION OF EMISSIONS OF GREENHOUSE GASES"" the term 'greenhouse gas' means water vapor, carbon dioxide. Methane. Nitrous oxide. Sulfur hexafluoride. Hydrofluorocarbons. Perfluorocarbons. Any other substance subject to, section 209(b) of the Clean Air Act is amended by adding at the end the following. no waiver granted prior to the date of enactment may be construed to waive the application of subsection (a).addressing climate change is an international issue involving complex scientific and economic considerations. the united states has a role to play in resolving global climate change matters on an international basis. addressing climate change is an international issue involving complex scientific and economic considerations. the united states should fulfill that role by developing policies that do not adversely affect the American economy, energy supplies, and employment. "
231,"<pad> summarize: some of the mineral resources owned by the federal government on behalf of taxpayers are being developed inefficiently. the government accountability office estimates approximately 40 per cent of natural gas could be economically captured from federal onshore leases. this would increase federal royalty payments by approximately $23,000,000 and reduce greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to 16.5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide.a lessee or its designee shall report and pay royalties on oil and gas production based on the actual volume of oil and gas withdrawn from the reservoir by or on behalf of that lessee. a lessee or its designee shall report and pay royalties on oil and gas production for each production month based on the actual volume of oil and gas withdrawn from the reservoir by or on behalf of that lessee. the mineral Leasing Act"
232,"<pad> summarize: Section 1802 of the Social Security Act is amended by striking subsection (b), as added by section 4507(a) of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. no claims to be submitted for services covered under the private contract is to be submitted under part A or B, under a contract under section 1876, or under a MedicareChoice plan."
233,"<pad> summarize: municipal solid waste can be a substantial source of clean, renewable energy. landfills can contribute significantly to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. more investment is needed to promote new technologies and develop new processes for the conversion of municipal solid waste into clean, renewable energy. the term ""eligible project"" does not include a project described in subparagraph (A) that uses an oxidizing technology, such as combustion or incineration. ""municipal solid waste"" does not include solid waste identified or listed as a hazardous waste.the Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary shall provide grants to eligible entities for use in funding eligible projects to position the united states as a world leader in technologies that generate renewable energy from municipal solid waste. an entity that seeks to receive a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time and containing such information as the Secretary shall require. a grant provided by the Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall not exceed $10,000, landfill gas control measure reduces emissions of a greenhouse gas at a level greater than required under federal, state, or local laws. domestic offsets must be at a level that is equal to the quantity of greenhouse gases emitted that is less than the baseline quantity of the greenhouse gases emitted. domestic offset must be at a level that is equal to the quantity of greenhouse gases emitted that is less than the baseline quantity of the greenhouse gases e"
234,"<pad> summarize: more than 265,300 affordable housing dwelling units in the united states are at risk of prepayment. the loss of the privately owned, federally assisted affordable housing will cause unacceptable harm on current tenants of affordable housing. the demand for affordable housing far exceeds the supply of such housing. the shortage of affordable housing in the united states reached a record high in 1995. AUTHORITY grants are made under section 11 of this Act. the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall make grants under this Act. a grant will be made to states for low-income housing preservation. a grant will be made under this Act. a project meets the requirements under this subsection only if the project is financed by a loan or mortgage that is insured or held by the Secretary under section 221(d)(3) of the National Housing Act of 1937. the project is subject to an unconditional waiver of, with respect to the mortgage referred to in paragraph (1), all rights to any prepayment of the mortgage.the Secretary shall limit the portion of the aggregate amount made available for any fiscal year that may be provided to a single State. the amount of grants under this Act may be made available to a single State based on the proportion of such State's need for such assistance.the Secretary may not make a grant to any State for any fiscal year. any portion of amounts contributed after January 1, 2003 may not be counted for such purposes for any subsequent fiscal year. tax credits provided under section 42 of the internal revenue code of 1986 and proceeds from the sale of tax-exempt bonds shall not be considered non-Federal sources for purposes of this section. section 6 and any other provision of this Act may be construed to prevent the use of tax credits provided under section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in connection with housing assisted with grant amounts provided under this Act. such use is in accordance with section 102(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Reform Act of 1989 (42 USC. 3545(d))the Secretary shall provide for States to submit applications for grants under this Act. the Secretary shall require the applications to contain any information and certifications necessary for the Secretary to determine if the State is eligible to receive such a grant. the Secretary shall require the applications to contain any information and certifications necessary for the Secretary to determine whether the State is eligible to receive such a grant.the term ""low-income affordability restrictions"" applies to a housing project. the term ""project-based assistance"" has the meaning given in section 16(c) of the United States Housing Act of 1937. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.the Secretary may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated for grants under this title such sums as necessary for each of fiscal years 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007. there is authorized to be appropriated for grants under this title such sums as necessary for each of fiscal years 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007."
235,"<pad> summarize: no universal service may be provided under subsection (h)(1)(B) to any elementary or secondary school unless it provides the certification required by paragraph (2) to the Commission or its designee. a certification under this paragraph with respect to a school, school board, or other authority is a certification by the school, school board, or other authority. a certification under this paragraph is a certification by the school, school board, or other authority with responsibility for not later than 100 days after enactment of this Act, the federal communications Commission shall adopt rules implementing this Act and the amendments made by this Act. fcc will adopt rules implementing this Act and the amendments made by this Act."
236,"<pad> summarize: section 1112(b)(1) is amended in subparagraph (P), by striking ""and"" at the end. in the case of a local educational agency, the agency will establish and carry out the program. the agency will create a network of schools or programs of study within schools."
237,"<pad> summarize: the power to dispose of and make all needful rules governing lands belonging to the United States is vested in the Congress under article IV, section 3 of the Constitution. some international land designations, such as those under the United States Biosphere Reserve Program and the Man and Biosphere Program of the United Nations Scientific, Educational, and Cultural Organization, operate under independent national committees. Section 401 of the National Historic Preservation Act Amendments of 1980 is amended in subsection (a) in the first sentence, by inserting """" after ""1973"" in subsection (b) in the first sentence, by inserting "", subject to subsection (d),"" before the period at the end. the Secretary of the Interior shall not nominate any lands owned by the United States for inclusion on the World Heritage List pursuant to the Convention unless such nomination is no federal official may nominate any lands in the united states for designation as a Biosphere Reserve. designation of an area in the United States as a Biosphere Reserve shall not have, and shall not be given, any force or effect unless the Biosphere Reserve is specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment.no federal official may nominate, classify, or designate any lands owned by the United States. nomination, classification, or designation of privately owned lands under any international agreement shall have no force or effect unless such nomination, classification, or designation is specifically authorized by law. this section shall not apply to sites nominated under the Convention on wetlands of international importance.Section 401(b) of the National Historic Preservation Act Amendments of 1980 is amended by striking ""comittee on natural resources"" and inserting ""comittee on resources"" section 401(b) is amended by striking ""Committee on natural resources"""
238,"<pad> summarize: Title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended by redesignating part D as part E. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1999. a state may receive an award under this section in an amount that bears the same relation to the total amount available for awards under this section. a state may use federal education funds to carry out a test of each elementary school or secondary school teacher in the State. or to establish a merit pay program for the teachers. the terms ""elementary school"" and ""secondary school"" have the meanings."
239,<pad> summarize:......................... a deficiency may be assessed before the expiration of the 3-year period referred to in clause (i) notwithstanding any other law or rule of law which would otherwise prevent such assessment. a return is described in this subsection if such return is in such form as the Secretary may prescribe. a written statement showing the name and address of the person required to make such return shall be furnished on or before March 31 of the year following the calendar year
240,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to protect student borrowers by requiring institutions of higher education to assume some of the risk of default for student loans under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965.a student loan management plan is approved by the Secretary. an institution that seeks a waiver or reduced risk-sharing payment is waived. if an institution has a cohort default rate described in paragraph (A), the risk-sharing payment shall be equal to 10 percent of the total amount of loans made under this part to students who are in default. Section 456 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following: contracts and cooperative agreements for delinquency and Default Prevention and for Default Rehabilitation. the Secretary may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements for statewide or institutionally based programs for the prevention of Federal student loan delinquency and default at institutions of higher education that have a high cohort default rate as defined under section 435(m). Section 498(c)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting: to meet all of its financial obligations, including institutional risk-sharing payments, refunds of institutional charges and repayments to the Secretary for liabilities and debts incurred in programs administered by the Secretary."
241,"<pad> summarize: congress has created incentives to encourage businesses to become ESOP-owned S corporations. a small business concern is denied treatment as a small business concern. the ESOP acquires more than 49 percent of the business. iraq's deferral of TAX for CERTAIN SALES OF EMPLOYER STOCK is amended by striking ""domestic C corporation"" and inserting ""domestic corporation"" effective date. amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to sales after the date of enactment of this Act. 'qualified securities acquisition loan' means any loan to an employee stock ownership plan sponsored by an S corporation. a qualified securities acquisition loan may not be treated as a qualified securities acquisition loan unless the plan owns more than 50 percent of the outstanding stock of the S corporation. clause (i) shall not apply to any period during which the employee stock ownership plan does not own stock meeting the requirements of subparagraph (a) the Secretary of Treasury shall establish the S Corporation Employee Ownership Assistance Office to foster increased employee ownership of S corporations. the Office shall provide education and outreach to inform companies and individuals about the possibilities and benefits of employee ownership of S corporations. the Office shall provide technical assistance to assist S corporations in sponsoring employee stock ownership plans.'ESOP' means an employee stock ownership plan. the term 'ESOP' means a small business concern eligible for a loan or to participate in a contracting assistance or business development program under this Act. the amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
242,"<pad> summarize: the united states imports more oil from the middle east today than before the attacks on the u.s. on september 11, 2001. the dependence of the united states on foreign oil is one of the greatest threats to the national security and economy of the United States.enactment of this Act is expected to take place 30 days after the date of the act. a fema commissioner appointed by the Chairperson of the Federal Trade Commission shall establish and serve as the Director of an interagency working group consisting of the Secretary of Energy, the Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and department heads.action plan includes intermediate oil savings targets for each calendar year beginning on the calendar year after the date of the enactment of this Act. a list of requirements that will be sufficient, when taken together, to save from the baseline determined under section 7 2,500,000 barrels of oil per day on average during calendar year 2015. a supply disruption strategy for Federal departments and agencies to develop contingency plans in the event of a precipitous and short-term annualized not later than January 1, 2012 and every 3 years thereafter, the Working Group shall transmit a report that evaluates the progress achieved in implementing the oil savings requirements established under section 4. the report will evaluate the progress achieved in implementing the oil savings requirements established under section 4.a revised action plan is sufficient to achieve the requirements established under section 4. the Working Group may publish a revised action plan that is sufficient to achieve the requirements established under section 5. not later than 60 days after submission of the report required under section 5, each Federal entity with jurisdiction to take action under any requirement of the revised action plan shall propose, or issue a notice of intent to propose, regulations meeting such requirement.the Working Group established under section 3 shall determine the baseline level of United States oil consumption on average. the Working Group shall use the expertise and resources of the Energy Information Administration. each executive department, bureau, bureau, commission, agency, board, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Federal Government shall make available to the Working Group upon request any data, information, estimates, statistics, and access to any employee necessary for the determination."
243,"<pad> summarize: the total number of such housing projects in the inventory of the Department was 444. the total number of such housing projects is likely to increase to 742 by the end of fiscal year 1998. the department will lose as much as $11,900,000,000 as a result of mortgage foreclosures.the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may dispose of any multifamily housing project in accordance with the provisions this Act. a provision is inconsistent with any provision of this Act, and then only to the extent of such inconsistencies referred to in paragraph (2) exist. the Secretary may determine whether inconsistencies referred to in paragraph (2) exist.a property disposition emergency under this Act shall be in effect during the period that begins upon the enactment of this Act. and ends upon the conclusion of the third fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act.the Secretary may waive any provisions of section 203(e) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978. the Secretary may waive any provisions of section 203(e) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978.the term ""multifamily housing project"" has the meaning given the term in section 203(i) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978. the terms ""subsidized project and formerly subsidized project"" and ""formerly subsidized project"" have the meanings given the terms in section 203(i)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978. Section 203(i)(2)(E) of the Housing and Community Development Amendments of 1978 (12 USC. 1701z-11(i)(2)(E)) is amended by inserting ""tenant-based"" before ""certificates""."
244,"<pad> summarize: law enforcement has a fundamental duty to provide compassion, aid, and protection and safety to the people it serves. a special prosecutor has been investigating a police abuse ring that operated over three decades with impunity. a special prosecutor has been investigating a police abuse ring that operated over three decades with impunity.SENSE OF CONGRESS should be investigated, recorded, and condemned. it is the sense of Congress that the dishonorable actions referred to in section 2 should be independently investigated, recorded, and condemned. senate of congress has urged the SENSE of CONGRESS to be a spokesman. law enforcement agencies are ineligible to participate in any federal program. licenses are suspended or until transparency and accountability are fully restored. equipment is returned to the appropriate federal agency. a federal license issued to any such law enforcement agencies shall be suspended.the term ""law enforcement agencies"" means the following entities in any State or locality within the control and jurisdiction of the United States receiving Federal funds for training, equipment, or other support. the term ""law enforcement agencies"" means the following entities in any State or locality within the control and jurisdiction of the United States receiving federal funds. "
245,"<pad> summarize:......................... a demonstration project will be carried out by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. it will be carried out in two or more than four Veterans Integrated Service Networks. a report will be submitted to Congress on the effects of continuing the project on expenditures from the Medicare trust funds under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. a report will be issued on the extent, if any, to which the costs of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of"
246,"<pad> summarize: section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v) is amended by striking ""for all students"" and inserting ""for all students"" a state plan shall provide alternate academic assessments that may be administered to children with disabilities. if a child takes an assessment described in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v) fails to make adequate yearly progress as defined in section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)."
247,"<pad> summarize: research is critical to advancement of scientific knowledge. it includes translational research which is an integral part of the research process leading to general human applications. u.s. will spend more than $1,200,000,000,000 on health care in 1999. part B of title IV of the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end. the director of national institutes of health shall undertake activities to support and expand the involvement of the National Institutes of Health in clinical research. the director of national institutes of health shall establish intramural and extramural clinical research fellowship programs directed specifically at medical and dental students. subpart 1 of part B of title IV of the Public Health Service Act is further amended by adding at the end the following. grants for the establishment of general clinical research centers. such centers shall support clinical studies and career development in all settings.section 487E is amended by inserting after section 487E the following. LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM REGARDING CLINICAL RESEARCHERS. amounts appropriated for carrying out this section shall remain available until the expiration of the second fiscal year beginning after the fiscal year for which the amounts were made available. Section 409 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by striking ""for purposes"" and inserting ""(a) Health Service Research. For purposes"" the term 'clinical research' means patient oriented clinical research conducted with human subjects. Comptroller General of the united states submits a report to the congress. the amendments have been enacted by the national institutes of. health. it passed the Senate November 19, 1999."
248,"<pad> summarize: the term ""financial institution"" has the meaning given in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. ""permitted entity"" means a financial institution or a service provider, subsidiary, affiliate, agent, subcontractor, or assignee of a financial institution. ""permitted entity"" means a financial institution or a service provider, subsidiary, affiliate, agent, subcontractor, or assignee"
249,"<pad> summarize: CREDIT FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS HIRED BY A SMALL EMPLOYER is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 45S. Certain individuals hired by a small employer"" for purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible small employer, the small employer hiring credit determined under this section for any taxable year is the amount determined under subsection (b) the amount determined under this subsection for the Small Business Act is amended by adding at the end the following. ""section 48. PAPERWORK REDUCTION"" is not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall determine, for a new small business concern, what applications, submissions, or other paperwork are not essential to file. "
250,"<pad> summarize: Section 513(a)(3)(D) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 USC. 360c(a)(3)(D)) is amended by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv. in carrying out clause (ii), the Secretary shall not request or accept information unrelated or irrelevant to a demonstration of reasonable assurance of device safety and effectiveness.Section 712 of the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended. it is amended to read as follows. members of each advisory committee are subject to the provisions relating to Federal employees and special Government employees. the members of each such committee are subject to the provisions relating to Federal employees and special Government employees.if the Secretary enters into a contract under subsection (a), an entity shall be an entity with experience in evaluating the management and operating structure of large organizations. the entity with which the Secretary enters into a contract shall conduct an extensive review of the management and regulatory processes at the Center for Devices and Radiological Health of the Food and Drug Administration. not later than 1 year after the date that the Secretary enters into the contract with the eligible entity under subsection"
251,"<pad> summarize: Title VIII is amended by adding at the end of section 810 a new subsection. it includes funds that may be made available to the Secretary. Section 802(a)(2) is amended by inserting ""or from an appropriation pursuant to the authorization under section 810(c)"" b)(2) of section 802 of title VIII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1992 is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) the secretary of defense shall prescribe regulations to carry out the amendment made by subsection (a)a discharge in bankruptcy under title 11, United States Code, shall not release a person from an obligation to reimburse the United States if the final decree of the discharge in bankruptcy is issued within five years after the last day of the enactment of this Act. if the final decree of the discharge in bankruptcy is issued within five years after the last day of the combined period of service obligation described in clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (a a subparagraph of section 802 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting "", and"" at the end of subparagraph (c) the matter following subsection (a)(2) of such section is amended by inserting ""or for the scholarship program under paragraph (1)(E),"" after ""under paragraph (1)(d) for the National Flagship Language Initiative described in subsection (i)"""
252,"<pad> summarize: a landfill, incinerator, or other waste disposal facility may be expanded. a governor may not exercise the authority granted under this subsection. a landfill, incinerator, or other waste disposal facility may be expanded."
253,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 523(a) is amended to read as follows: Statute of Limitations. Section 3720(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking. Section 455(d)(1)(D) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended."
254,"<pad> summarize: a balanced civil space program needs to be maintained even as the united states reduces its deficit. the national Aeronautics and Space Administration will require predictable and adequate funding over the next 5 years. international cooperation can play a major role in leveraging American investments in space exploration and utilization.u.s. embassy in switzerland, california, is authorized to use funds appropriated under section 102. u.s. embassy in california, california, is authorized to use funds appropriated under section 102. u.s. embassy in california, california is authorized to use funds appropriated under section"
255,"<pad> summarize: Section 67(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (11), and by inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (12), and by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the deduction allowed under section 162 for dues or other similar amounts paid by an individual to an organization described in paragraph (4), (5) or (6)"
256,"<pad> summarize: sen. eric liu: the secretary of homeland security must submit a semi-annual report to congress. liu: specific policies and procedures governing the sharing of information relating to threats of terrorism against the united states and other threats to homeland security within the federal government. liu: if the Department of Homeland Security is working effectively, it will be necessary to provide relevant information to Congress. the department of homeland security shall study the issues under subsection (b) and submit a report of such study to Congress not less than every 6 months during the 5 years following the enactment of the National Homeland Security and Combating Terrorism Act of 2002. the report under subsection (a) shall include the policies and procedures developed by the Department to obtain relevant information from the Federal Government and State and local law enforcement agencies."
257,"<pad> summarize: hydroelectric power is the leading renewable energy resource of the united states. hydroelectric power projects provide multiple benefits to the united states. the bulk of all non-Federal hydroelectric power capacity in the united states is due to be relicensed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.the purpose of this Act is to achieve the objective of relicensing hydroelectric power projects to maintain high environmental standards while preserving low cost power. requiring agencies to consider the full effects of their mandatory and recommended conditions on a hydroelectric power license and to document the consideration of a broad range of factors.section 18 of the federal Power Act is amended by adding at the end the following. the term 'consulting agency' means in relation to a condition described in paragraph (1)(A), the Federal agency with responsibility for supervising the reservation. a consulting agency shall create written documentation detailing, among other pertinent matters, all proposals made, comments received, facts considered, and analyses made relating to each of those factors sufficient to demonstrate that each of those factors was given full commission conducts a single consolidated environmental review for each such project. a consulting agency shall not perform any environmental review. if appropriate, for multiple projects located in the same area. a consulting agency shall not perform any environmental review. if appropriate, for multiple projects located in the same area. federal energy Regulatory Commission submits a study of the feasibility of establishing a separate licensing procedure for small hydroelectric projects. the term ""small hydroelectric project"" may include at a minimum a hydroelectric project that has a generating capacity of 5 megawatts or less. "
258,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Presidential Commission on women"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Presidential Commission on women"" the commission is based in syria.women of color are disproportionately affected by inequalities and discrimination. women of color are disproportionately affected by domestic violence. the cost of intimate partner violence exceeds $5.8 billion a year - $4.1 billion a year. the Commission shall hold meetings and hearings to review the status of women nationwide. review the role of the Federal Government in aid to, and promotion of women. and review data collection procedures with regard to women Federal initiatives and procurement. based on the review required by subsection (a), the Commission shall conduct oversight of implementation.three members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate and two members appointed by the minority leader. three members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate and two members appointed by the minority leader. the director of the white house council on women and girls, who shall serve ex officio.DIRECTOR AND STAFF OF THE COMMISSION appoints a director. the commission may appoint and fix the pay of 4 additional personnel. no individual so appointed may receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for GS-18 of the General Schedule. if appointed, the head of any department or agency may detail, on a reimbursable basis. a member or agent of the Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence, as the Commission considers appropriate. delegates invited by the Commission will be fairly balanced and diverse in terms of geography and ethnicity without regard to political affiliation or past partisan activity. delegates include directors of commissions for women of the States and local levels of government. representatives of nonprofit organizations and community-based organizations.delegates to the conference must be consulted and assisted. delegates must be consulted and consulted. delegates must be consulted and consulted. delegates must be consulted and consulted. delegates must be consulted and consulted.a first report shall be sent to the president and to congress. each of those annual reports shall contain a statement of any findings and conclusions of the Commission. each of those annual reports shall contain a statement of its recommendations for such legislation and administrative actions. the term ""State"" means any of the several States, the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands. this Act means any of the several States, the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. authority provided in this Act to make expenditures or to enter into contracts under which the United States is obligated to make outlays shall be effective only to the extent that amounts are provided, and only to the extent of the amounts provided, in advance in appropriations Acts. "
259,"<pad> summarize: section 404(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 USC. 1104(a)(2) is amended by striking ""In the case"" and inserting ""(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the case"" the requirements of clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) and shall be met in connection with such plan. the requirements of this clause are met in connection with a plan described in Section 501 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by inserting ""(a)"" before ""Any person"" a person acting in the capacity of plan sponsor, plan administrator, or other fiduciary of a pension plan willfully causes, in connection with the plan, a violation of the requirements of clause (iii), (iv), or (v) of section 402(a)(2)(b) of any regulation or order Section 203(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 USC. 1053(a) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). a defined contribution plan which includes cash or deferred arrangements satisfies the requirements of this paragraph.amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2003. special rule for collectively bargained plans applies to benefits pursuant to such agreement. subsection applies to benefits pursuant to, and individuals covered by, such agreement by substituting for ""January 1, 2003"" the date of the commencement of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2004."
260,<pad> summarize: property taxes will remain available for expenditure through fiscal year 1999. property taxes will remain available for expenditure through fiscal year 1999. u.s. government and state of new york are obligated to pay property taxes. u.s. government must pay property taxes or provide costs of stewardship and management.
261,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ Definitions........................Establishment of World War I Centennial Commission. etabl of world war I centennial commission.............u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s.Powers of Centennial Commission. powers of centennial commission based in london. powers of centennial commission based in london. powers of centennial commission based in london.Centennial Commission personnel matters.... centennial Commission personnel matters... centennial Commission personnel matters.. centennial Commission personnel matters.. centennial Commission personnel matters. supprimation of Centennial Commission. supprimation. supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation. Prohibition on obligation of federal funds. fed funds are not obligated. fed funds are obligated. fed funds are obligated. fed funds are obligated.from 2014 through 2018, the united states and nations around the world will mark the centennial of World War I. from 2014 through 2018, the united states and nations around the world will mark the centennial of the war. the event offers an opportunity for people in the united states to learn about and commemorate the sacrifices of their predecessors.the term ""america's national world war i museum"" means the Liberty Memorial Museum in Kansas City, Missouri. the term ""veterans service organization"" means any organization recognized by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38.vacancy in the Centennial Commission shall be filled 60 days after enactment of this Act. vacancy will be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. vacancy will be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. vacancy will be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. the centennial Commission is responsible for planning, developing, and executing programs, projects, and activities relating to the centennial of World War I. to serve as a clearinghouse for the collection and dissemination of information relating to the centennial of World War I. to develop recommendations for Congress and the President for commemorating the centennial of World War I. the Centennial Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Centennial Commission considers appropriate to carry out its duties under this Act. if authorized by the Centennial Commission, any member or agent may take any action which the Centennial Commission is authorized to take under this Act. the Centennial Commission may not enter into any contract, lease, or other legal agreement that members of the Centennial Commission shall serve without compensation for such service. travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with the applicable provisions of title 5, United States Code. appoint an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Centennial Commission to perform its duties.the Centennial Commission shall terminate on the earlier of the date that is 30 days after the date the completion of the activities under this Act honoring the centennial observation of World War I. the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall apply to the activities of the Centennial Commission under this Act. no federal funds may be obligated to carry out this Act. no federal funds may be obligated to carry out this Act. u.s.-based legislation is based on federal funds."
262,"<pad> summarize: Section 223 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (1) In any case in which an individual dies during the first 15 days of a calendar month, the amount of such individuals monthly insurance benefit under this section paid for such month shall be an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of such benefit. this subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to Section 202(b)(5)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(c)(5)(B)) is amended by striking ""and ending with the month in which such parent dies or with the first month in which such child dies or with the month"" and inserting ""(E), (G), or """" ""ending with the month in which such parent dies or with the first month in which such child dies or with amendments made by this Act apply with respect to deaths occurring after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will apply with respect to deaths occurring after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
263,"<pad> summarize: the minimum assessed wages for 1993 shall be the product of $200. if cash remuneration paid by an employer in any calendar year to an employee for domestic service in a private home of the employer is less than the minimum assessed wages determined under section 209(a)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act for such year. if the cash remuneration paid in such calendar year by the employer is less than the minimum assessed wages determined under Chapter 25 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end of the following new section. ""section 3510. COORDINATION OF COLLECTION OF DOMESTIC SERVICE EMPLOYMENT WITH COLLECTION OF INCOME TAXES"" no requirement to make deposits shall apply with respect to such taxes. a joint study will be carried out by the secretary of health and human services. it examines the effects of the amendments made by this Act. it includes recommendations for legislative changes as such Secretaries may consider appropriate. a report will be sent to the House of Representatives and the Senate. "
264,"<pad> summarize: a vulnerability assessment includes identification of procedures, countermeasures and equipment a treatment works can implement or utilize to reduce the identified vulnerabilities. the Administrator may make grants under subsection (a)(3) to an applicant for additional security enhancements not listed in paragraph (1). the Administrator may make grants under subsection (a)(3) to an applicant. grants may be made to a nonprofit organization aimed at improving vulnerability self-assessment methodologies. grants may be used for developing and distributing vulnerability self-assessment software upgrades. grants may include publicly owned treatment works that are part of a combined public wastewater treatment and water supply system."
265,"<pad> summarize: presiding judge of a court of the u.s. may permit photographic or electronic media coverage. at least 15 federal judicial districts shall participate in the experimental program. the court may refuse, limit, or terminate photographic or electronic media coverage. a decision of the court granting or denying a request may be set aside. the table of sections for chapter III of title 28 is amended by adding at the end: ""1659. Media coverage of court proceedings"" the table of sections for chapter III of title 28 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""1659. Media coverage of court proceedings""this Act and the amendments made by this Act take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments to this Act take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments to this Act take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act."
266,"<pad> summarize: government agency carrying out a surface transportation project should conduct a cost-benefit analysis before procuring architectural, engineering, and related services from a private contractor. a government agency will be able to determine if it is cost effective and in the public interest to use a private contractor or government employees in procuring such services. the term ""architectural, engineering, and related services"" means architectural, landscape architectural, environmental, engineering, land surveying, construction project management, and construction inspection services. the term ""private contract"" means an agreement between a government agency and a private contractor. the term ""government agency"" means a State, local, regional, interregional, or other governmental entity that receive federal funds to carry out surface transportation projects. federal funds made available to carry out a surface transportation project may be used by a government agency to enter into a private contract of $100,000 or more to procure architectural, engineering, and related services only if the government agency conducts a cost-benefit analysis for the private contract under subsection (a) a cost-benefit analysis conducted by a government agency shall contain, at a minimum, the following components. an estimate of the cost of procuring a government agency finds it is in the public interest to enter into a private contract under section 4. if a cost-benefit analysis is carried out for a private contract under section 4, the agency shall submit the results and accompanying materials to the Secretary for review. the results and accompanying materials are available for public inspection.employees of the agency and other interested parties may submit to the agency written comments refuting the accuracy of results. employees of the agency and other interested parties may submit a competitive bid to provide the services that would otherwise be performed.a government agency uses the procedures for procuring architectural, engineering, and related services from private sources using federal funds as part of a surface transportation project. a government agency shall use the procedures for procuring architectural and engineering services under chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code. a government agency may waive the application of this Act with respect to a private contract if the Secretary determines that the government agency cannot perform the work to be conducted under the contract with existing or additional government employees. a government agency would likely cause regular periods of underutilization of government employees."
267,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Improved newborn and child screening and followup for heritable disorders..................evaluating the effectiveness of newborn and child screening and follow-up programs. evaluating the effectiveness of newborn and child screening and follow-up programs. evaluating the effectiveness of newborn and child screening and follow-up programs.Advisory Committee on heritable disorders in newborns and children. Advisory Committee on heritable disorders in newborns and children. a report from a u.s. university of england. Clearinghouse of Newborn Screening Information... Clearinghouse of Newborn Screening Information.... Clearinghouse of Newborn Screening Information.... Laboratory quality and surveillance. laboratory quality and surveillance.. laboratory quality and surveillance.. laboratory quality and surveillance.. laboratory quality and surveillance.. laboratory quality and surveillance.. laboratory quality and surveillance.Interagency Coordinating Committee on Newborn and Child Screening. interagency Coordinating Committee on newborn and child screening...... interagency Coordinating Committee on Newborn and Child Screening.contingency plan for newborn screening. national contingency plan for newborn screening. national contingency plan for newborn screening.. national contingency plan for newborn screening... national contingency plan for newborn screening. Hunter Kelly Research Program........................authorization of appropriations. authorization of appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations.reports to congress........................Informed consent for newborn screening research.. informed consent for newborn screening.. informed consent for newborn screening.. informed consent for newborn screening.. informed consent for newborn screening. section 1109 of the public health service Act is amended in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). by striking ""subsection (j)"" and inserting ""section 1117"" and inserting ""section 1117""section 1110 of the public health service act is amended in the section heading. by striking ""counseling, testing"" and inserting ""treatment, counseling, testing, followup"" in subsection (b) in paragraph (1). in paragraph (2), by striking ""counseling, testing"" and inserting ""treatment, counseling, testing, followup"" section 1111 of the public health service Act is amended in subsection (b) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraph (6) through (8), respectively. by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (g) as subsection (g) and (h) as subsection (g), the Advisory Committee shall continue to operate through the end of fiscal year 2019 if not reauthorized. section 1112 of the public health service Act is amended in subsection (a) in paragraph (2). by striking ""and"" at the end, and inserting a semicolon. and by adding at the end the following new paragraphs. Section 1113 of the public health service Act is amended in the section heading. it is amended by inserting ""and surveillance"" before the period. in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), inserting ""timeliness for processing such tests,"" after ""newborn-screening tests"" Section 1114 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (c) by striking ""the Administrator, the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality,"" and inserting ""the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs""section 1115(a) of the public health service Act is amended by striking ""consortia"" and inserting ""consortium"" the plan shall be updated as needed and at least every five years. the plan shall be updated as needed and at least every five years.Section 1116 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subparagraph (a)(1). section 1116 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (a)(1). sections 1109, 1110, 1111, and 1112 are added to the recommended screening panel. "
268,<pad> summarize: section 179E is amended by inserting after section 179E the following new item relating to section 179F. the term <unk> applicable percentage' means the lesser of 30 percent. the excess of the energy savings obtained by placing such mechanical insulation property in service during the taxable year is required to meet by Standard 90.1-2007.
269,"<pad> summarize: section 41 is amended to read as follows: General Rule. the credit determined under this subsection shall be equal to 10 percent of the qualified research expenses. if a person acquires the major portion of a trade or business of a predecessor, then the amount of qualified research expenses paid or incurred by the acquiring person."
270,"<pad> summarize: the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in enactment of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999.Section 1895(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395fff(b)(5)) is amended by striking ""Outliers. The Secretary"" and inserting the following subparagraph: Temporary additional payments for outliers. for the purposes described in the first sentence of subparagraph (A), there are authorized to be appropriated from the trust funds.Section 1895(b) of such Act (42 USC. 1395fff(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: No adjustment for additional payments for rural services and security services. Section 1895(b) of such Act (42 USC. 1395fff(b)(3)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following subparagraph: No adjustment for additional payments for Section 1895 of the social security act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Exclusion of nonroutine medical supplies. payment under this section shall instead be based on the lesser of the actual charge for the nonroutine medical supply. the amendments apply with respect to items and services furnished on or after October 1, 2000. Section 1895(b) of such Act (42 USC. 1395ff(b)(3)), as amended by section 3, is further amended by adding at the end the following paragraph: Rule of construction relating to telehomehealth services. Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing a home health agency receiving payment under this section from furnishing a home health service via a telecommunications system."
271,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to facilitate the acquisition of foreign intelligence information. unless otherwise required under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978..... a court order is not required for the acquisition of foreign intelligence information. a judge may approve an application for an order, or extension of an order. a judge may approve such application if a judge approves the application. a judge may approve an application, or extension of an order."
272,"<pad> summarize: only 2 per cent of all cable subscribers have the opportunity to choose between 2 or more wire-based video service providers. cable rates are 15 per cent lower than in markets without competition. u.s. continues to fall behind in broadband deployment rates. deployment of advanced high capacity networks would greatly spur economic development in rural America. competitive video services provider may be required to obtain a franchise. no competitive video services provider may be required to obtain a franchise based on gross revenues imposed. a competitive video services provider shall designate that portion of the bill of a subscriber based on gross revenues imposed. Section 651(a)(3) of the Federal Communications Act (47 USC. 571(a)(3)) is amended in subparagraph (A), by striking ""or"" after the semicolon. in subparagraph (B), such carrier shall not be subject to the requirements of this title but instead be subject only to the provisions of part VI of this title. franchise agreement entered into by franchising authority and a competitive video service provider prior to the date of enactment of this Act shall be exempt from the provisions of this Act for the term of such agreement. franchise agreement will be governed by this Act for the term of such agreement. "
273,"<pad> summarize: Section 114(g) of title 17, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. a collective designated by the Copyright Royalty Judges shall adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides, in circumstances determined by the collective to be appropriate, for acceptance of instructions from a payee identified in subparagraph (A) or (D) of paragraph (2). a person described"
274,"<pad> summarize:......................... federal highway administration estimates there are 604,485 bridges on the nation's public road network. one in 9 bridges is classified as structurally deficiency and requires significant maintenance, repair, or replacement. 116,669 are on the National Highway System."
275,"<pad> summarize: Section 205(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 405(c)(2)(C)) is amended by moving clause (x), as added by section 1414(a)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 6 ems to the left. by redesignating clause (x), as added by section 2(a)(1) of the Social Security Number Protection Act of 2010, and clause (xi) as"
276,"<pad> summarize: u.s. secretary of energy may issue an order authorizing a person to export natural gas to a foreign country. if a person is able to export natural gas from the United States to a foreign country, the Secretary of Energy may grant such application. if a person is able to export natural gas from the United States to a foreign country, the Secretary of Energy may issue such order. if a person is"
277,"<pad> summarize: the term ""eligible entity"" means any nonprofit organization, (B) consortium of nonprofit organizations. the term ""small business or manufacturer"" has the meaning given the term ""small business or manufacturer"" each eligible entity desiring a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Under Secretary at such time, in such manner."
278,"<pad> summarize: attorney general sets national interoperability standards to facilitate the exchange of prescription information across state lines. he will ensure that the national interoperability standards implement open standards that are freely available, without cost and without restriction, in order to promote broad implementation. he will ensure that the national interoperability standards established under subsection (a) implement open standards that are freely available, without cost and without restriction. Harold Rogers Prescription Drug Monitoring Program is established in 2002. a recipient may use enhancement grant funds to standardize technology architecture used by the recipient to comply with national interoperability standards established under section 2(a) a recipient of an enhancement grant may use enhancement grant funds to standardize the technology architecture used by the recipient to comply.the Attorney General submits to the committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on enhancing the interoperability of State prescribing programs. the report required under subsection (a) shall include a discussion of the feasibility of making State prescription monitoring programs interoperable with other relevant technologies and databases. the report required under subsection (a) shall include a discussion of the feasibility of making State prescription monitoring programs interoperable with other relevant technologies and"
279,"<pad> summarize: chapter 37 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end: ""570. Short-Term State Witness Protection Section In general"" there is established in the United States Marshals Service a Short-Term State Witness Protection Section which shall provide protection for witnesses involving homicide or other major violent crimes pursuant to cooperative agreements with State and local criminal prosecutor's offices.Section 3526 of title 18, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following. costs of providing temporary protection are not reimbursable if the investigation or prosecution in any way relates to crimes of violence committed by a criminal street gang. if the investigation or prosecution in any way relates to crimes of violence committed by a criminal street gang. section 3521(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code is amended by inserting "", criminal street gang, serious drug offense, homicide,"" after ""organized criminal activity"" section 3521(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code. "
280,"<pad> summarize: the term ""City"" means the city of Sedona, Arizona. the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. a portion of the Cave Creek Administrative Site, comprising approximately 213.60 acres, depicted on the map entitled ""Cave Creek Administrative Site"", dated May 1, 1997. consideration for a sale or exchange of land under subsection (a) may include the acquisition of land, existing improvements, and improvements constructed to the specifications of the Secretary. a legal description of the land conveyed under subsection (a) will be available for public inspection. a cost equal to the fair market value of the land is determined by an appraisal acceptable to the Secretary. interest rate is paid for any payment due for the conveyance of land under this section.proceeds of a sale or exchange under this Act shall be available to the Secretary without further Act of appropriation. funds deposited under subsection (a) shall be available to the Secretary, without further Act of appropriation, for the acquisition, construction or improvement of administrative facilities."
281,"<pad> summarize: lands comprise approximately 106,000 acres. a map depicted on a map entitled ""Wild Sky Wilderness Proposal,"" ""Map 1"" and dated January 7, 2003. the map and legal description shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act.lands designated as wilderness by this Act shall be managed in accordance with the Wilderness Act and this Act. a reference in the Wilderness Act shall be deemed a reference to the date of enactment of this Act. the secretary of agriculture may manage the area designated by this Act as a comprehensive part of the larger complex of adjacent and nearby wilderness areas. a system of trails adjacent to or to provide access to the wilderness designated by lands identified as ""Priority Acquisition Lands"" on the map described in section 2(a)(1). the boundaries of the Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest and the Wild Sky Wilderness shall be adjusted to encompass any lands acquired pursuant to this section. the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure adequate access to private inholdings within the Wild Sky Wilderness. the Secretary of Agriculture shall exchange lands and interests in lands depicted on a map dated May 22, 2002. the exchange directed by this Act shall be consummated if the Chelan County Public Utility District conveys title acceptable to the Secretary. if the Chelan County Public Utility District determines there is no need to maintain an existing telemetry site to monitor snow pack on 1.82 acres on the wenatchee National Forest in the state"
282,<pad> summarize: the president may appoint an individual if there is a position available in the federal workforce hiring pool. the president shall promulgate regulations setting forth the process by which the head of an Executive agency may make a request under this subsection. the president may waive this subsection with respect to the hiring of an employee for a position.
283,<pad> summarize: iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's LOAN FORGIVENESS FOR PUBLIC SERVICE EMPLOYEES is amended to read as follows. a loan amount may be repaid to a borrower who meets the requirements of section 428. a nursing degree from a collegiate school of nursing may be repaid.
284,"<pad> summarize: 'clean renewable water supply bond' means any bond issued as part of an issue if 100 percent of the available project proceeds of such issue are to be used for capital expenditures incurred by qualified borrowers for 1 or more qualified projects. 'large project' means a qualified project designed to deliver more than 10,000,000 gallons of water a day. 'qualified desalination facility' means any facility used to reclaim contaminant"
285,"<pad> summarize: ""national heritage area"" designated under section 3. the term ""management plan"" refers to management plan submitted under section 5. the term ""national heritage area"" is used in this Act. the term ""secretary"" is approved under section 4. tennessee civil war heritage area will be designated. map will be available for public inspection in office of director of the national park service. the national heritage area shall be administered in accordance with the compact and the management plan. the compact referred to in section 3(a) shall include information relating to the objectives and management of the area proposed for designation as a national heritage area. such information shall include information relating to the goals and objectives of the proposed national heritage area, including an explanation of the approach, proposed by the partners referred to in paragraph.management plan submitted under this Act for the national heritage area will present comprehensive recommendations for the conservation, funding, management, and development of the area. the management plan shall be prepared with public participation. (4) specify existing and potential sources of funding for the conservation, management, and development of the area. (4) specify existing and potential sources of funding for the conservation, management, and development of the area. secretary of the interior may provide technical assistance. he may provide technical assistance relating to feasibility studies. may not, as a condition of the award of technical assistance under this section, require any recipient of such technical assistance to enact or modify land use restrictions. may not make limitations on fishing, hunting, or trapping a condition. the designation of the national heritage area shall not diminish the authority of the State of Tennessee to manage fish and wildlife. the designation of the national heritage area shall not diminish the authority of the state to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing and hunting within such area. there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. if necessary there is a provision for a provision of this Act. a provision of this Act may be imposed in the u.s."
286,"<pad> summarize: 'qualified manufacturing job training' means training to develop or better skills for a manufacturing position in the manufacturing industry. 'eligible individual' means an individual who is the taxpayer or the taxpayer's spouse or dependent. 'eligible individual' means an individual who is the taxpayer or the taxpayer's spouse or dependent. 'eligible individual' means an individual who is the taxpayer or the taxpayer's spouse or dependent. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year.Presidential Manufacturing Job Training Award is established. award is awarded to companies and other organizations. selection and presentation of award based on recommendations to the President. presentation of the Presidential Manufacturing Job Training Award shall be made by the President, or a designee of the President. Secretary of Labor collects and disseminate best practices for manufacturing job training. best practices for MANUFACTURING JOB TRAINING gathered and disseminate. the secretary of labor will collect and disseminate best practices."
287,<pad> summarize: veterans IDENTIFICATION CARD is effective on the day before the enactment of this Act. a veteran who served a minimum obligated time in service didn't receive a means of identifying the veteran's status as a veteran other than using the department of defense form DD-214 discharge papers of the veteran. a general purpose veteran identification card made available to veterans would be useful to demonstrate the status of the
288,<pad> summarize: 6301. Definitions of the term <unk> charrette' means a collaborative design session held over the course of 2 or more days that includes participation by stakeholders and the public. the term <unk> intercity passenger rail service' includes high-speed rail service. the term'mPO' means a metropolitan planning organization designated under section 6302(a)(1).
289,"<pad> summarize: the term ""District"" means the Madera Water Supply Enhancement Project. the project will plan, design, and construct recharge, recovery, and delivery systems. it will recover up to 55,000 acre-feet of water per year. the Project is feasible. the Secretary shall implement the authority provided in this Act. the Act is applicable in accordance with all applicable laws. the. national environmental policy act of 1969 and the Endangered Species Act of 1973.a cooperative agreement between the Secretary and the District for the Project aims to set forth responsibilities of the District for participating. responsibilities include engineering and design, (2) construction. and the administration of contracts pertaining to any of the foregoing responsibilities. the Secretary, acting pursuant to the Federal reclamation laws, and Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto, is authorized to enter into a cooperative agreement with the District for the support of the final design and construction of the project. the federal share of the capital costs of the Project shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost. the District shall receive credit toward the non-Federal share of the cost of the Project for in-kind services that the authority of the Secretary to carry out any provisions shall terminate 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act shall end 10 years later. enactment of this Act shall end 10 years later."
290,"<pad> summarize: women in Afghanistan have one of the highest mortality rates in the world. women in Afghanistan have one of the highest mortality rates in the world. women in Afghanistan have one of the highest mortality rates in the world. deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan may force a delay in elections in Afghanistan.sally kohn: the protection of the rights of women, the reestablishment of democracy and the elimination of terrorism are essential to the reconstruction of a stable Afghanistan. kohn: the international community should commit substantial resources, including the expansion of international peacekeeping forces inside and outside of the city of Kabul. kohn: if u.s. does not support women's rights, it should establish institutions and programs to assistance under this section may be provided as grants, technical assistance, training, or in any other form that the President determines is appropriate. Assistance under this section is authorized to be used to promote women's rights and human rights in Afghanistan, including women's political participation and legal rights.sally kohn: sen. john mccain's senate of congress should provide such assistance. kohn: senate of congress should condition provision of such assistance. kohn: senate of congress should provide such assistance. kohn: senate of congress should provide such assistance.report must be submitted to appropriate congressional committees. report will include the amount of assistance provided under this Act. the initial report required under subsection shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committee on Appropriations. there is authorized to be appropriated to the President $300,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2005, 2006, and 2007. $10,000,000 is authorized to be available for each such fiscal year. Availability of Funds. Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) are authorized to remain available until expended. "
291,"<pad> summarize: promoting the energy security of the United States can be achieved by leveraging all domestic energy resources, including traditional fossil fuels, alternative energy resources, and renewable energy. promoting the energy security can be achieved by leveraging all domestic energy resources, including traditional fossil fuels. Section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is repealed. Section 1112 of the national Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2008 is repealed. Section 1112 is repealed.section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by adding at the end: Reporting Requirement. if the Secretary fails to make a final decision by the date that is 270 days after the date on which the Secretary selects an application to proceed to negotiations of terms and conditions for issuance of a conditional commitment for a loan guarantee application under this title. if the Secretary fails to make a final decision by the date that algae-based fuel incentives are added in section 211(o)(2)(B) of the Clean Air Act. each gallon of renewable biomass produced from algae equal to 3 gallons of renewable fuel if the algae-based fuel was produced using carbon dioxide. section 1703(b) is amended by adding: Substitute natural gas production facilities if the gas is produced from a solid feedstock through a gasification process. and in a manner that captures at least 90 percent of the carbon produced through the gasification process. u.s. agency may enter into multiyear contracts for the purchase of alternative fuels. u.s. agency may enter into contracts for a period not to exceed 20 years. u.s. agency may make payments under the contract in any fiscal year. section 169(3) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7479(3)) is amended by striking ""(3) The term"" and inserting the following: Best available control technology. Definition. In general. The term"" in the third sentence, by striking ""Emissions"" and inserting the following: Prohibition on certain increases. Emissions"""
292,"<pad> summarize: 211(o) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7535(o)) established a renewable fuel program based on a gasoline motor pool. a small percentage requirement does not include the 40,000,000,000-gallon diesel motor pool. if the Administrator fails to promulgate regulations under clause (i), the applicable volume for calendar year 2016 and each calendar year thereafter shall be 0.6 percent for calendar year 2008. a waiver"
293,"<pad> summarize: the stage 4 aircraft noise certification standard became applicable to new type design aircraft in 2006 pursuant to an agreement signed by the International Civil Aviation Organization. the standard was adopted in 2006. the standard was adopted in 2006. the standard was adopted in 2006.faa administrator may enter into a cooperative agreement. a recipient of funds under the cooperative agreement must conduct activities under the cooperative agreement. if an aircraft technology developed under the cooperative agreement results in revenues for the recipient. if an aircraft technology developed under the cooperative agreement results in revenues for the recipient. the secretary of transportation, in consultation with the international civil aviation organization, shall issue regulations to establish minimum standards for civil turbojets to comply with stage 4 noise levels. the secretary shall issue regulations to ensure that 25 percent of the civil turbojets with a maximum weight of more than 75,000 pounds operating after December 31, 2025, to or from airports in the United States comply with the stage 4 noise levels established under subsection (a)."
294,"<pad> summarize: one dollar coins shall weigh 26.73 grams. each coin shall have a diameter of 1.500 inches. each coin shall be a designation of the value of the coin. inscription of the year ""1994"" and inscription of the year ""1994""silver for coins minted under this Act will be obtained from stockpiles established under the strategic and critical minerals Stock Piling Act. if minted under this Act, silver will be obtained from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Minerals Stock Piling Act. SELECTION OF DESIGN will be selected by the Secretary after consultation. the design for each coin authorized by this Act shall be reviewed by the Citizens Commemorative Coin Advisory Committee. if approved by this Act, it will be reviewed by the Citizens Commemorative Coin Advisory Committee.coins minted under this Act may be issued by the Secretary beginning on July 20, 1994. Termination of authority. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any quality of coin. Proof and Uncirculated Coins minted under this Act shall be issued. minted under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10.00 per coin. prepaid orders will be accepted prior to the issuance of such coins. minted under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10.00 per coin.no provision of law governing procurement or public contracts shall be applicable to the procurement of goods and services necessary for carrying out the provisions of this Act. Subsection (a) shall not relieve any person entering into a contract under the authority of this Act from complying with any law relating to equal employment opportunity.coins issued under this Act will be promptly paid by the Secretary. a program to enhance math and science skills of teachers in grades kindergarten through grade 8 will be developed and implemented. a national strategy to improve mathematics and science education will also be implemented.Comptroller General has the right to examine such books, records, documents, and other data relating to the expenditure of amounts paid under section 8. AUDITS may be related to the expenditure of amounts paid under section 8.no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Administration Board."
295,"<pad> summarize: sex-saturated culture portrays teenage sexual activity as an expected norm. education must be age-appropriate, age-appropriate, based on evidence-based approach. sex-saturated culture portrayed as sex-saturated norm."
296,<pad> summarize: mentor-protege PROGRAM is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 37. a mentor firm may enter into a mentor-protege agreement with the protege firm. a mentor firm may furnish assistance to a protege firm.
297,"<pad> summarize: a subpart of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following. sen. martin o'brien: a school that receives a grant under this section should aim to provide 1 additional school counselor per 250 students at risk of not graduating in 4 years. he asks: ""if you have a significant cognitive disability, you have a right to do it"" o'bri"
298,"<pad> summarize: he was born in Iowa where he grew up on a family farm. he received his B. A. and Ph. D. degrees and was a star NCAA wrestler. in 1970, he received the Nobel Prize, the only person working in agriculture to be so honored.a gold medal of appropriate design will be presented to dr. Norman E. Borlaug. he will strike a gold medal with appropriate emblems, devices, and inscriptions. the medal will be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3. a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. the medal struck under this Act is for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. all duplicate medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. for purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all duplicate medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.authority to USE FUND AMOUNTs. there are authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under section 4 shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
299,"<pad> summarize: section 121 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. the amount of gain excluded under subsection (a) with respect to any sale or exchange shall not exceed $250,000. if property is held jointly by a husband and wife, such husband and wife make a joint return under section 6013 for the taxable year of the sale or exchange."
300,"<pad> summarize: there's established the Commission to Study the Structure and Reauthorization of the Federal Communications Commission. there is established the Commission to study the structure and reauthorization of the Federal Communications Commission. ESTABLISHMENT.fema will study and report on the structure of the Federal Communications Commission. it will determine if that structure should be changed to reflect the current state of telecommunications. and whether there should be a reduction in the number of commissioners. 2 members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Commerce of the House of Representatives and in accordance with subsection (c). 1 member appointed by the Chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Commerce of the House of Representatives acting jointly. Appointments Deadline. All appointments under subsection (a) shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. if authorized by the Commission, the Commission may take any action that the Commission is authorized to take by this section. if authorized by the Commission, the commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent may take any action that the Commission is authorized to take by this section.not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall transmit to the Congress a report on the findings and conclusions of the Commission. a report will be sent to the congress. TERMINATION. the Commission shall terminate upon transmission of the report required by section 6. the report required by section 6 will not be transmitted........."
301,"<pad> summarize: domestic steel capacity is an essential part of the domestic industrial and technological base. executive order numbered 12919 designates the nation's domestic industrial and technological base as the foundation for national defense preparedness. influx of cheap imported steel illegally dumped on the united states has brought about a crisis in the United States' steel industry that threaten the viability of domestic steel production. a board shall consist of 5 members appointed by the President. a vacancy occurs before the expiration of the term for which the member's predecessor was appointed. a vacancy in the Board shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. the Board may procure temporary and intermittent services.Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 is amended by inserting before the period at the end of the 1st sentence ""or in any instance in which a person of a foreign country seeks to engage in any merger, acquisition, or takeover that could result in the control by such person of a domestic steel company""Section 717(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 USC. App. 2166(a)) is amended by striking ""September 30, 2001"" and inserting ""September 30, 2004"". if amended. "
302,"<pad> summarize: lifestyle factors are a primary cause of the 6 leading causes of death in the united states. a significant portion of health disparities in the united states are caused by lifestyle factors, which could be improved by health promotion programs. the united states ranks 42nd in the world in life expectancy. more than 440,000 people die each year from tobacco use.the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following provisions. the plan developed under subsection (a) shall contain provisions to address how to best develop the science of health promotion. the plan developed under subsection (a) shall contain provisions to address how to best support and develop the health promotion professional and scientific community through enhancement of existing or development of new professional organizations."
303,"<pad> summarize: lz granderson: a commitment to localism local operations would bolster radio listening. granderson: LPFM would ""enhance locally focused community-oriented radio broadcasting"" granderson: if LPFM service does not cause interference to existing radio service. granderson: LPFM stations provide an opportunity for underrepresented communities to operate a station. Section 632 of the departments of commerce, justice, and state is repealed. it was repealed in 2001. it was repealed in 2001. a new version of this article was released on thursday.federal communications Commission changes rules to eliminate third-adjacent minimum distance separation requirements between low-power FM stations. full-service FM stations, FM translator stations, and FM booster stations. fdc will modify rules to eliminate third-adjacent minimum distance separation requirements between low-power stations. fdc retains its rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection. broadcast radio reading services broadcast via subcarrier frequency. fdc will retain its rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection.fema must ensure that licenses are available to both FM translator stations and low-power FM stations. such decisions are made based on the needs of the local community. fema must ensure that licenses are available to both FM translator stations and low-power FM stations. the federal Communications Commission shall modify the rules authorizing the operation of low-power FM radio stations. if the applicant has engaged in any manner in the unlicensed operation of any station in violation of section 301 of the Communications Act of 1934. if the applicant has engaged in any manner in the unlicensed operation of any station in violation of section 301 of the Communications Act of 1934. fema retains its rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection. broadcast stations licensed in significantly populated states with more than 3,000,000 housing units and a population density greater than 1,000 people per square mile land area.the federal communications Commission will conduct an economic study. the study examines the impact low-power FM stations will have on full-power commercial FM stations. fCC will conduct an economic study on the impact that low-power FM stations will have on full-power commercial FM stations. "
304,"<pad> summarize: tobacco use caused 20,800,000 premature deaths in the u.s. in the 50 years since 1964 surgeon general's first report on smoking. tobacco use remains the leading cause of preventable death in the u.s. more than 42,000,000 people still smoke. the secretary of health and human services is authorized to enforce the prohibition under subsection (a) and shall take necessary action to enforce such prohibition. establishing requirements that retailers check identification or use other methods to ensure compliance with subsection (a), or issuing guidance concerning the responsibility of retailers to ensure such compliance.a state or local governmental entity cannot establish, enforc or maintain a law relating to sales of tobacco to individuals below a minimum age. the law is at least as restrictive as the federal law. the law is not construed to prevent a state or local governmental entity from establishing, enforcing, or maintaining a law with respect to sales of tobacco to individuals below a minimum age."
305,"<pad> summarize: the number of illegal immigrants currently in the united states is approximating 11 million. cities, counties, and states are forced to absorb the costs of illegal immigration without compensation from the Federal Government or employers. the hiring of illegal immigrants has had a negative impact on the employment opportunities of legal immigrants and United States citizens. a civil penalty under this paragraph shall not be less than $50,000. penalties collected under this paragraph shall not be less than $50,000. a person or entity shall cease and desist from such violations. a person or entity shall be liable for any violation relating to such violations."
306,"<pad> summarize: section 13(a) of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 is amended in paragraph (1). by striking ""or"" after the semicolon, (2) in paragraph (2), by adding ""or"" after the semicolon, (3) in paragraph (3), by adding ""or"" after the semicolon. section 13(b) of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 is amended in paragraph (1). it is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""this section"" and inserting ""subject to paragraph (3), this section"" no person exempted under paragraph (1) may shoot, attempt to shoot, or harass any wolf, bear, or wolverine unless the head of the fish and wildlife agency of the State determines that a biological emergency is imminent. the term 'aircraft' means any contrivance used for flight in the air. the term 'biological emergency' means the likely extirpation or imminent threat to the sustainability of a wildlife population due to predation by wolves, bears or wolverines."
307,"<pad> summarize: cannabidiol is excluded from the definition of marihuana. hhs recommends transferring marihuana to a schedule under such section other than schedule I. cannabidiol is derived from marihuana or synthetically formulated. rescheduling marihuana may be considered for purposes of rescheduling it. a state where marihuana or cannabidiol is legal for medical purposes. this Act does not affect any federal, state, or local law regulating or prohibiting smoking in public. this act does not affect any federal, state, or local law regulating or prohibiting smoking in public. the act is not a violation of any federal, state, or local law.""authorized patient"" means an individual using marihuana in accordance with a prescription by a physician for medical use. ""physician"" means a practitioner of medicine, who graduated from a college of medicine or osteopathy. the term ""prescription"" means an instruction written by a medical physician."
308,<pad> summarize:......................... ratification of an international agreement by each major carbon emitting country is the likely path towards reversing global climate change. the term 'greenhouse gas' has the meaning given the term in section 1610(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 USC. 13389(a)). the term'major emitter of greenhouse gas' means any country that the Administrator determines to be a major emitter of greenhouse gas
309,<pad> summarize:......................... 'qualified contamination expenditure' means any amount paid or incurred by the taxpayer. 'qualified contamination expenditure' means any amount paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with his trade or business. 'qualified contamination expenditure' means any amount paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with his trade or business. 'qualified contamination expenditures' may be treated as deferred expenses.
310,"<pad> summarize: task force to be composed of one individual each selected by the National Academy of Sciences. task force shall transmit a report to the Congress that establishes a ranked list of missions for the Facility. such uses shall include reestablishing world leadership in beneficial nuclear technology and nuclear medicine. the Secretary may enter into agreements with domestic and foreign entities for participation of such entities in the missions of the Facility. he may enter into agreements with domestic and foreign entities for participation of such entities in the missions of the Facility. he may enter into agreements with domestic and foreign entities for participation of such entities. a contract entered into by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act for the operation of the Facility shall include provisions to ensure that all operations and experiments meet applicable safety requirements and acceptance criteria. provide necessary support services to the non-Federal entities that have entered into agreements pursuant to section 3 (4) provide indemnification pursuant to section 170d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 USC. 2210d) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall not regulate activities of the Facility. a license or other regulation shall apply. a nuclear Regulatory Commission is not required to regulate activities of the Facility. a license or other regulation may apply.there shall be established in the Treasury a separate fund to be known as the ""Fast Flux Test Facility Fund"" appropriations made for the Facility and funds received for the sale of products or services of the Facility or under agreements entered into under section 3.authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the activities of the Facility and of the task force established under section 2(a)(1) $60,000,000 for fiscal year 1996. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the activities of the Facility and of the task force established under section 2(a)(1)."
311,"<pad> summarize: fda has declared emergency contraception safe in preventing unintended pregnancies. emergency contraceptives can significantly reduce a woman's chance of unintended pregnancy. fda has approved over-the-counter access to emergency contraceptives for individuals aged 17 and older.a pharmacy that receives fda-approved contraceptives in interstate commerce shall maintain compliance with subsection (c) if a customer requests a contraceptive that is not in stock, the pharmacy shall immediately inform the customer that the contraceptive is not in stock and without delay offer the customer the following options. if the customer prefers to obtain the contraceptive through a referral or transfer, the pharmacy shall obtain the contraceptive under"
312,"<pad> summarize: major air carrier may not acquire any voting securities or assets of any other air carrier that would result in its having control of that other air carrier. a major air carrier may not be merged with another air carrier in any other form of transaction if the resulting air carrier would have 10 percent or more of all enplanements in the united states.the secretary of transportation may not issue any new operating authority. if that change relates to, or is in connection with, a major air carrier's acquisition of, or merger with, another air carrier. or make or permit any changes in the operating authorities described in subsection (b) for a major air carrier if that change relates to, or is in connection with, that air carrier's acquisition of, or merger with, another air carrier. the Secretary may not approve any changes to an international alliance or code-sharing arrangement of a major air carrier that relates to an acquisition or merger described in section 2(a) no joint venture agreement that relates to, or is executed in connection with, an acquisition or merger described in section 2(a) Sections 2, 3, and 4 do not apply to the operating authority for any air carrier unless the air carrier formed by the acquisition or merger would have 10 percent or more of all passenger enplanements in the united states. nothing in section 3 does not prohibit any safety-related change in any operating authority described in that section.the term ""major air carrier"" means an air carrier certificated under section 41102 of title 49. it accounted for at least 1 percent of domestic scheduled-passenger revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 of each year. the term ""major air carrier"" includes issuance, denial, amendment, modification, suspension, revocation, and transfer. the Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study to evaluate and determine the impact that consolidations and mergers have had on consumers in the areas of price, competition within markets, levels of service, and availability of flights in rural communities. he shall report the Secretary's findings and conclusions, together with any recommendations, to the Congress within 30 days after the end of the 2-year period described in section 2(a)."
313,<pad> summarize: Section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. subsection (a) through (g) shall not apply in a fiscal year if the President determines that the country is a party to a bilateral agreement and other plans with the United States. the amendment will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act.
314,"<pad> summarize: the table contained in subsection (a) of section 1 of such Code is amended to read as follows. if taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $34,500........ plus 15 of taxable income. over $34,500 but not over $83,600. $4,413,088.60, plus 46 of the excess over $174,400."
315,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings and purposes........................Definitions........................interagency subcommittee consists of interagency subcommittee. interagency subcommittee consists of interagency subcommittee. interagency subcommittee consists of interagency subcommittee.Strategic research plan......................... NOAA ocean acidification activities.... NOAA ocean acidification activities.. NOAA ocean acidification activities.. NOAA ocean acidification activities.. NOAA ocean acidification activities. NSF ocean acidification activities... NSF ocean acidification activities... NSF ocean acidification activities.. NSF ocean acidification activities.. NSF ocean acidification activities. ocean acidification activities are underway....................... authorization of appropriations. authorization of appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. the oceans help regulate atmospheric chemistry by acting as the largest sink for carbon dioxide. the rapid increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide is overwhelming the natural ability of the oceans to absorb this gas. these changes in ocean chemistry are detrimental to organisms including corals, which support one of the richest habitats on Earth.""ocean acidification"" means the decrease in pH of the Earth's oceans. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Commerce. the term ""subcommittee"" means the Joint Subcommittee on ocean science and technology of the national Science and Technology Council. the Joint Subcommittee on Ocean Science and Technology of the National Science and Technology Council shall coordinate Federal activities on ocean acidification. the subcommittee shall develop the strategic research and monitoring plan to guide Federal research on ocean acidification required under section 5 of this Act and oversee the implementation of the plan. a revised plan shall be submitted at least once every 5 years thereafter.the plan will provide for an assessment of the impacts of ocean acidification on marine organisms and marine ecosystems. it will provide information for the development of adaptation and mitigation strategies to conserve marine organisms and marine ecosystems. it will establish, for the 10-year period beginning in the year the plan is submitted. noAA OCEAN ACIDIFICATION ACTIVITIES may establish a program on ocean acidification within the national Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. the secretary shall conduct research and monitoring activities and may establish a program on ocean acidification within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. the director of the national science foundation shall continue to carry out research activities on ocean acidification. the research activities shall support competitive, merit-based, peer- reviewed proposals for research and monitoring of ocean acidification and its impacts. the research activities shall be consistent with the strategic research plan developed under section 5. Coordination. the Director encourages coordination of the Foundation's ocean acidification activities with such activities of other nations and international organizations. the administrator of the national aeronautics and space administration, in coordination with other relevant agencies, shall ensure that space-based monitoring assets are used in as productive a manner as possible for monitoring of ocean acidification and its impacts. the Administrator shall encourage coordination of the Agency's ocean acidification activities with such activities of other nations and international organizations. there are authorized to be appropriated to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to carry out the purposes of this Act $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2009, (2) $8,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, (3) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2011. and $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2012. "
316,"<pad> summarize:......................... the amendment made by subsection (a) applies to goods entered or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. any entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry or withdrawal occurred on the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act."
317,"<pad> summarize: alternative energy refueling systems. Definitions. the term 'alternative energy refueling system' means a system composed of 1 or more underground storage tanks, pumps, and pump fittings. an eligible entity may not receive reimbursement under this paragraph if an alternative energy refueling system has been installed."
318,<pad> summarize: Secretary of the Treasury submits a report to the congress. each report required by subsection (a) shall include a description of the actions that the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund has taken to ensure that the International Monetary Fund adequately and effectively monitors and enforces the commitments referred to in subsection (a) the Secretary of Commerce monitors exports of goods and services from those countries in Asia. he shall report to the Congress the results of such monitoring on a bimonthly basis. each such report shall include a description of the progress made in resolving issues in dispute. he shall take appropriate action under the laws of the united states. a study will determine the appropriate application of antidumping and countervailing duty laws to imports from Asian countries. a study will determine the appropriate treatment of rapid fluctuations in exchange rates that can severely reduce the price of goods sold in an exporter's home market.the provisions of this Act shall cease to be effective 8 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. the provisions of this Act shall cease to be effective 8 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
319,"<pad> summarize: prescription drug price inflation was 3 times the rate of general inflation. prescription drug manufacturers continue to make enormous profits on the backs of the elderly, poor, and other vulnerable populations unable to afford their medications. john avlon: prescription drugs represent the highest out-of-pocket medical care cost for 3 of 4 elderly patients compared to 5 prescriptions for those under 65 a year. avlon: if the pharmaceutical industry is a new subsection is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the term'manufacturer multiple source drug' means a single source drug or biological marketed under an original new drug application or product licensing application. the term'manufacturer multiple source drug' means a drug or biological produced or distributed under an original new drug application or product licensing application.'single source drug' means a drug or 75 percent of such additional revenues shall be used for deficit reduction purposes. 25 percent of such additional revenues shall be used for state prescription drug assistance programs. 75 percent of such additional revenues shall be used for deficit reduction purposes. a separate account is hereby allocated for accounting purposes."
320,"<pad> summarize: the term ""air transportation"" has the meaning given that term in such section 40102(a) the term ""air transportation"" means maintenance work that is substantial, scheduled, or a required inspection item, as determined by the Administrator. the term ""part 121 air carrier"" means an air carrier that holds a certificate under part 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations."
321,<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall commence a pilot grant program based on geographic distribution. grantee may only award grants under subsection (b)(1) to eligible entities who serve communities that the Secretary determines have the greatest need of homeless services. a veteran who is receiving a service or assistance under section 2031 of such title or domiciliary care under section 2043 of such title.
322,"<pad> summarize: section 14012 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 is amended. it shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly execute a scheme or artifice to defraud a person by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises relating to a civil action relating to a Pigford claim. a person who violates paragraph (1) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5"
323,"<pad> summarize: BACKGROUND CHECKS: each state educational agency, or local educational agency must have in effect policies and procedures that require a criminal background check for each school employee that includes a search of the State criminal registry or repository of the state in which the school employee resides. if such employee refuses to consent to a criminal background check under paragraph (1), he may be convicted of any other crime that is a violent or sexual crime against"
324,"<pad> summarize: one in 10 teens, 2,400,000 teens across the Nation, are currently involved in a program offered by a local YMCA. the YMCA has launched the Teen Action Agenda, a nationwide campaign to double this number and serve 1 in 5 teens by 2005. the term ""local YMCA"" means one of the approximately 2,400 locally incorporated and governed YMCAs in the u.s. the term ""teen program"" means any program primarily attended by individuals between the ages of 11 and 19. YMCA of the u.s. grants YMCA programs for at-risk teens based on appropriations. YMCA of the u.s. grants grants to local YMCAs. amounts granted under this Act shall be used by the YMCA of the USA to provide funding to carry out YMCA programs that have a primary purpose of serving at-risk teens for school failure or delinquency. each program for which assistance is provided under this Act shall include at least 3 of the following different activities. applicant must submit application to YMCA of the u.s. to be eligible to receive a subgrant under this Act. each application submitted shall include a request for a subgrant to be used for the purposes of this Act. the YMCA of the u.s. submits a report detailing the progress and effectiveness of the YMCA programs in reaching measurable outcomes. the report details the progress and effectiveness of the YMCA programs in reaching measurable outcomes. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2006. amounts made available to carry out this Act shall remain available until expended. amounts made available to carry out this Act shall remain available until expended."
325,"<pad> summarize: there is no national museum to commemorate and honor the Coast Guard's history, mission, personnel, and traditions. there should be established a National Coast Guard Museum to commemorate the 210 years of national maritime and military history. the term ""Association"" means the National Coast Guard Museum Association. the term ""museum"" means the National Coast Guard Museum established under sections 4(a). the term ""Commandant"" means the Commandant of the Coast Guard.the commandant may establish, operate, and maintain a National Coast Guard Museum on federal lands specified under subsection (a) terms. Upon completion of construction of facilities, the Association shall donate such facilities, including associated improvements, fixtures, and related personal property, as a gift to Coast Guard. a separate account shall be known as the ""National Coast Guard Museum Fund"" The Fund shall consist of Gifts, devises, and bequests of funds accepted under section 4(c)(2). interest credited under subsection (d) amounts deposited under section 4(b)(3)(C)"
326,"<pad> summarize: the preamble to the Act of June 7, 1956 is amended as follows. by striking ""and"" at the end of each clause, inserting a semicolon. ""whereas the Lumbee Indians of Robeson and adjoining counties in North Carolina are descendants of coastal North Carolina Indian tribes, principally Cheraw. ""whereas since 1885 the State of North Carolina has recognized the Lumbee Indians as an Indian tribe the Act of June 7, 1956 is amended as follows. by striking the last sentence of the first section. by inserting the following new sections. if you are unsure, please contact the FEDERAL RECOGNITION page. federal recognition is extended to the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina. any group of Indians in Robeson and adjoining counties, North Carolina, whose members are not enrolled in the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina as determined under section 3(c), may petition under part 83 of title 25 of the Code of Federal Regulations for acknowledgement of tribal existence. tribal roll in effect on date of enactment defines service population of tribe. tribal roll in effect on the date of enactment of this section defines service population of tribe. tribal roll in effect on the date of enactment of this section defines service population. lands which the tribe seeks to convey to the united states to be held in trust will be treated by the Secretary of the Interior if such lands are located within Robeson County, North Carolina. if such lands are located within Robeson County, North Carolina.state of North Carolina shall exercise jurisdiction over all criminal offenses committed on lands located within the state of North Carolina that are owned or held in trust by the United States. such transfer may not take effect until 2 years after the effective date of the agreement. the provisions of this subsection shall not affect the application. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act................ "
327,"<pad> summarize:.........................Title III of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Subtitle D Office of Pension Participant Advocacy"" OFFICE OF PENSION PARTICIPANT ADVOCACY. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2006."
328,"<pad> summarize: section 104(3) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 USC. 1603(3)) is amended. it is defined in section 128(e), regardless of the amount financed. it also defines private education loans.disclosures required in private student loan applications and solicitations. disclosures required in private student loan applications and solicitations. disclosures required under section 128 of the Truth in Lending Act. if a private student loan relates, the borrower must have 30 calendar days. section 130 of Truth in Lending Act is amended in subsection (a) by inserting ""or section 128(e),"" before ""or for failing"" in subsection (e) in the first sentence, by inserting before the period the following. in the case of a private education loan, such an action may be brought not later than one year. the Board shall issue regulations in final form not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. the disclosures developed under subsection (a) will be made in clear language and in a conspicuous location separate from the disclosures made under section 128(e) of the Truth in Lending Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the same meaning."
329,"<pad> summarize: congress finds modern and efficient fixed guideway transportation is important to the viability and well being of metropolitan areas. use of existing railroad trackage and rights-of-way in and around metropolitan areas provides a unique and valuable opportunity for the development and expansion of fixed guideway transportation facilities. ""28501"" means the Surface Transportation Board. the board may prescribe reasonable terms and compensation for use of the trackage. the board may apply to the Board for an order requiring the rail carrier to provide increased or improved maintenance on the trackage."
330,"<pad> summarize: Section 9(n) of the Small Business Act is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""in fiscal year 1994, 1995, or 1996,"" (B) by striking the comma at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following subparagraph: not less than 0.25 percent of such budget in fiscal year 1997 and each succeeding fiscal year.if any adverse effects are attributable to the agency's participation in the SBIR program or the pilot STTR program. if awards by sponsoring agencies represent the applicable percentages of such agency's extramural budget. the implementation of Phase III by participating agencies, including awards in support of Phase III and other techniques adopted to foster commercialization. if any adverse effects are attributable to the agency's participation in the SBIR program or the interagency task force shall review existing studies and analyses and conduct independent assessments, as may be appropriate, regarding the obstacles faced by small business entrepreneurs seeking to commercialize results of basic research or research and development undertaken through federal funding. the interagency task force shall provide opportunities for consultation with representatives of small businesses and other entities that have participated in the SBIR program. Section 9(e)(4)(A) of the Small Business Act is amended by striking ""(B)(ii)"" and inserting ""(B)"". ""(B)(ii)"" and ""((B)"" "
331,"<pad> summarize: multiperil coverage may not be provided in any area unless an appropriate public body has adopted adequate land use and control measures. multiperil coverage may not be provided with respect to any structure for any period during which such structure is covered, at any time, by flood insurance coverage made available under this title.the national flood insurance act of 1968 is amended by inserting after section 1313 the following new section. ""prohibition against duplicative coverage"" may not be provided with respect to any structure for any period during which such structure is covered, at any time, by multiperil insurance coverage made available pursuant to section 1304(c). Section 1316 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended. ""(a) Flood Protection Measures. "" before ""No new"" ""No new"" a new subsection will be provided if a property has been declared in violation of state or local laws, regulations or ordinances.CRITERIA FOR LAND MANAGEMENT AND USE is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Windstorms. Studies and investigations. the Director shall carry out studies and investigations under this section to determine appropriate measures in windstorm-prone areas as to land management and use, windstorm zoning, and windstorm damage prevention. such studies and investigations shall include laws, regulations, and ordinance relating to the orderly development and use of areas Section 1370 of the national flood insurance act of 1968 is amended in paragraph (14) by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (15) the term 'windstorm' means any hurricane, tornado, cyclone, typhoon, or other wind event. "
332,"<pad> summarize: Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Underwater Preserve in Lake Huron contains more than 100 recorded historic vessel losses. many of these shipwrecks and underwater cultural resources contribute to our collective maritime heritage. these resources are susceptible to damage from human activities, and must be properly preserved for themselves. the term ""sanctuary"" means the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and underwater Preserve. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Commerce. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Commerce.the area referred to in subsection (a) is all submerged lands, including the underwater cultural resources, lake ward of the mean high water line, within the boundaries of a line formed by connecting points in succession beginning at a point along the mean high water line located approximately at 45.628741N, 84.206983W then due east to the international boundary between the United States and Canada in a generally southeasterly direction where it intersects regulations applicable to the Sanctuary codified in subpart R of part 922 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations shall apply to the geographic area added to the Sanctuary pursuant to section 4 unless the Secretary specifies otherwise by regulation. the Secretary may certify that any license, permit, approval, other authorization, or right to conduct a prohibited activity made pursuant to section 922.194 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations."
333,"<pad> summarize: section 8(a)(1)(H) is amended as amended (43 USC. 1337 (a)(1)), as amended (43 USC. 1337 (a)(1)), is amended as follows. new section 8(a)(1)(H) is amended as follows.the secretary promulgates rules and regulations necessary to implement the provisions of this Act within 180 days after the enactment of this Act. if enacted, he will be able to implement the provisions of this Act within 30 days. he will also promulgate such rules and regulations as necessary."
334,<pad> summarize:.........................a program is required to improve the risk management skills of agricultural producers. each Center shall coordinate the provision of risk management education programs. each Center shall reserve a portion of the funds provided under this section. a land-grant college at which a Center is located shall be responsible for administering and disbursing funds.
335,"<pad> summarize:......................... the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act reliquidate the entries listed in subsection (b) without assessment of antidumping duties or interest. and refund any antidumping duties and interest which were previously paid on such entries. the entries listed in subsection (b) are: Entry number Date of entry Port 110-3447557-3 031900 Los Angeles 110-3447595-3"
336,"<pad> summarize: Section 1a(49) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 USC. 1a(49) is amended by adding at the end: Certain transactions with a utility special entity shall be reported pursuant to section 4r. in making a determination to exempt pursuant to subparagraph (D), the Commission shall treat a utility operations-related swap entered with a utility special entity as if it were entered into with an entity that is not a utility special entity means a special entity owned or operates an electric or natural gas facility or an electric or natural gas operation. for purposes of this Act, the term 'utility special entity' means any instrumentality, department, or corporation of or established by a State or political subdivision of a State, that owns or operates an electric or natural gas facility or an electric or natural gas operation.UTILITY OPERATIONS-RELATED Swap Defined. Section 1a(47)(A)(iii) of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended. the term <unk> utility operations-related swap' means a swap that is entered into to hedge or mitigate a commercial risk.the amendments take effect as if enacted on July 21, 2010. passed the house of representatives June 12, 2013. KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the house of reps., was a clerk at the time."
337,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ Mississippi Valley National Historical Park, Blytheville, Arkansas.................... transfer of jurisdiction, Eaker Air Force Base, for historical park. historical park accessed by historical park. transfer of jurisdiction........ transfer of jurisdiction..acquisition of Chickasawba Mound for inclusion in historical park................... administration of historical park. historical park...................... former Eaker Air Force Base is centrally located in the central Mississippi Valley region. the site of 14 archaeological sites associated with Native Americans was recognized as a National Historic Landmark in 1996. a unified heritage park for the central Mississippi Valley region requires recognition through the establishment of a national historical park. a national historical park is set up in the state of Arkansas. it will consist of approximately 570 acres. it will include all property authorized to be acquired for inclusion in the park by any law enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act.parcels of real property at former Eaker Air Force Base, Blytheville, Arkansas. transfer required to preserve historical character and landscape of historical park. acreage limitation may not exceed 15 acres. parcel to be transferred under this subsection may not exceed 15 acres. acreage and legal description of real property to be transferred under this section.a request may be obtained by the Secretary of the Interior. the archaeological site known as the Chickasawba Mound was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. it was placed on the national Register of Historic Places in 1984. the Secretary of the Interior may consult and enter into cooperative agreements with interested entities and individuals to provide for the preservation, development, interpretation, and use of the historical park. conditions. any payment made by the Secretary pursuant to such a cooperative agreement shall be subject to an agreement that conversion, use, or disposal of the project assisted under the cooperative agreement shall result in a right of the United States to reimbursement of all funds made available to such project. if such conversion"
338,<pad> summarize:.........................a nonvillage share of Settlement Common Stock purchased pursuant to this paragraph shall be considered an outstanding share. a nonvillage share that is purchased pursuant to this paragraph shall be considered an outstanding share. a nonvillage share that is purchased pursuant to this paragraph shall be considered to be an outstanding share. a share of Settlement Common Stock purchased pursuant to this paragraph shall be canceled.
339,"<pad> summarize: the state legislature has passed legislation calling for federal establishment of benefit levels for aid to families with dependent children (AFDC) the current variation in benefit levels from State to State has discouraged families receiving AFDC from remaining in their home communities. under the current system, taxpayers in States are paying differing amounts. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION is established. there is a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Welfare Fairness"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Welfare Fairness""a formula for adjusting the uniform standard of need, on an annual basis, for differences in the cost of living for low income persons. devise a method of adjusting the uniform standard of need to offset any other documented incentive for interstate migration by persons seeking a higher level of benefits under the program of aid to families with dependent children. vacancies are voided before the expiration of the term for which the member's predecessor was appointed. vacancies will be voided for the remainder of that term. vacancies will not be paid by reason of their service on the Commission.the Chairperson may, without regard to section 5311(b) of title 5, United States Code, appoint and fix the pay of a director and such additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule. the Chairperson may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United the Commission shall conduct hearings in various areas of the united states, including inner cities, suburbs, and rural areas, to gather a broad spectrum of information on the issues to be addressed by the Commission. all interested persons shall be given an opportunity to testify at such hearings.Upon the establishment of a uniform standard of need under section 4, the Commission shall submit to the President, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the uniform standard of need.the Commission shall terminate 6 years after the first date there are 8 members of the Commission. inapplicability of Termination Provision of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the Commission. section 14(a)(2)(B) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the Commission. Section 402(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 602(a) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (44) and inserting a semicolon. provide that the State's standard of need for a family shall be during the life of the Commission on Welfare Fairness. if determining the amount of aid payable to a family, the State may not apply any rule not expressly provided in"
340,"<pad> summarize: Section 1882(s)(2)(a) of such Act (42 USC. 1395ss(s)(2)(a)) is amended to read as follows. the amendment made by subsection (c) shall take effect on July 1, 1997. the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to provide grants to private, independent, non-profit consumer organizations, and State agencies. the Secretary shall make the results of such surveys available to organizations which receive grants under paragraph (1). the information described in paragraph (1) shall include at least a comparison of such contracts and policies, including a comparison of the benefits provided, quality and performance, the costs to enrollees."
341,"<pad> summarize: section 214(g)(1)(A)(vii) is amended to read: 130,000 in fiscal year 2008 and each succeeding fiscal year, except that in fiscal years 2010 through 2015, such limitation shall equal the greater of 180,000 if such limitation is reached in the preceding fiscal year. Section 214(g)(5) of the immigration and nationality act is amended in subparagraph (B) by striking ""or"" in subparagraph (C), by inserting a semicolon. or has earned a master's or higher degree from an institution of higher education outside of the united states. the employer has not advertised the available jobs specified in the application in an advertisement that states or indicates that the job or jobs are only available to persons who are or who may become H-1B nonimmigrants. or persons who are or who may become H-1B nonimmigrants shall receive priority or a preference in the hiring process if the employer employs not less than 50 employees in the united states. Section 212(n)(2) of such Act is amended by inserting after subparagraph (i)(ii), by striking 'a condition of paragraph (1)(B), (E), or (1)(F)' and inserting '(ii)' the Secretary of Labor may conduct an investigation into the employer's compliance with the requirements of this subsection. section 212(n)(2)(C)(iv) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. it is amended by inserting ""take, fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take,"" before ""to intimidate"""
342,"<pad> summarize: the Attorney General may make grants to state courts, state courts, local courts, units of local government, and Indian tribal governments. grants shall be made to veteran's treatment courts and drug courts serving veterans that effectively integrate substance abuse treatment, mental health treatment, mandatory drug testing, sanctions and incentives. grants shall be made to veteran's treatment courts and drug courts serving veterans that effectively integrate substance abuse treatment, mental health treatment, mandatory drug testing and transitional services.the Attorney General may grant grants to states, state courts, local courts, units of local government, and Indian tribal governments. programs involve continuing judicial supervision over offenders with substance abuse or mental health problems who are not violent offenders and have served in the united states military. a state, state court, local court, unit of local government, or Indian tribal government shall submit an application for a grant under this Act containing such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require. an application for a grant under this Act shall include a long-term strategy and detailed implementation plan. certify that the Federal support provided will be used to supplement, and not supplant, State, Indian tribal, and local sources of funding that would otherwise be the federal share of a grant made under this Act may not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of the program described in the application submitted under section 4 for the fiscal year for which the program receives assistance under this Act. in-kind contributions may constitute a portion of the non-Federal share of a grant.each recipient of a grant pursuant to this Act shall submit a yearly report. each report shall include an evaluation in such form and containing such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require. each report shall include an evaluation in such form and containing such information.""veteran's treatment court"" means a program specifically for veterans. the term ""violent offender"" means a person charged with or convicted of an offense. there occurred the death of or serious bodily injury to any person. has 1 or more prior convictions for a felony crime of violence. the Attorney General may issue regulations and guidelines necessary to carry out this Act. Participation limits. The Attorney General may immediately suspend funding for any grant under this part, pending compliance, if the Attorney General finds that violent offenders are participating in any program funded under this part.the Attorney General may provide technical assistance and training. evaluations may be performed in furtherance of the purposes of this Act. the Attorney General may provide for evaluations in furtherance of the purposes of this Act. the Attorney General may provide for evaluations in furtherance.the national drug court institute in Alexandria, Virginia conducts national, comprehensive training programs aimed at improving the professional skills of drug court practitioners. the national Drug Court Institute in Alexandria, Virginia shall complete ancillary programs designed to facilitate the expansion and improvement of drug courts nationwide. ancillary programs designed to facilitate the expansion and improvement of drug courts including a Judicial Task Force to develop a transition plan for new drug court judges. a total of $25,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated to the Director to carry out this Act. except section 10, there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009-2014. "
343,"<pad> summarize: an action may be brought only in a federal court for actual, not punitive, damages against the Army Corps of Engineers. an action brought under subsection for monetary damages for injury or loss of property, or personal injury or death may proceed only if a claimant can demonstrate that the Corps failed or was negligent in designing, constructing, or maintaining a project adversely impacted by a major disaster. COMMISSION. Establishment. There is hereby established a Federal Engineering Accountability Commission. duties. Initial duties. Not later than 12 months after a major disaster, the Committee shall complete its investigation under paragraph (1). report. Not later than 15 months after a major disaster, the Commission shall submit a report to the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security regarding its findings of its investigation.a civil action commenced against the Army Corps of Engineers shall be barred unless the complaint is filed with 18 months after the earlier date in which the Corps admitted it failed or was negligent in designing, constructing, or maintaining a project adversely impacted by a major disaster. or an independent commission established under section 3 makes a determination that the Corps failed or was negligent in designing, constructing, or maintaining a project, adversely impacted. no state or local government shall have standing to bring an action under this Act. such insurance company's claim is founded in indemnity or recovery of claims the company has paid. if such insurance company's claim is founded in indemnity or recovery of claims the company has paid.a court shall not hear evidence or reduce an award made under this Act. a claimant may receive damages from a claimant proximately caused by the failure or negligence of the Army Corps of Engineers in the design, construction, or maintenance of a project.an insurance company shall not have the right to seek subrogation for a claim. an insurance company shall not have the right to seek subrogation. a subrogation for a claim may be required if a subrogation is required.a claimant may bring a motion to seek mandamus. if the Commission fails to meet the deadlines specified in this Act. a claimant may bring a motion to seek mandamus against the Commission.the term ""major disaster"" has the same meaning given in section 102. the term ""major disaster"" has the same meaning. the term ""major disaster"" has the same meaning. the term ""major disaster"" has the same meaning. "
344,"<pad> summarize:.........................u.s. schools need about $112,000,000,000 to repair or upgrade facilities. u.s. schools need more than a third of public school buildings to be replaced. u.s. education agencies are struggling to meet their operating budgets."
345,"<pad> summarize: the term ""employer"" means any person engaged in commerce. the term does not include the government of the united states or any agency thereof. the term does not include the government of the united states or any agency thereof.the Military Family-Friendly Employer Award is established in the department of defense. the award will be evidenced by a plaque bearing the title ""Military Family-Friendly Employer Award"" an employer may reapply, regardless of whether the employer has been a previous recipient of such Award. the secretary shall appoint one individual to serve as the chairperson of the Task Force. appoint two members who shall be work-life experts, and two members who shall be representatives of the general business community. appointing members of the Task Force must ensure that such members are individuals with knowledge and experience in workplace flexibility policies as such policies relate to services in and support for the Armed Forces. the Secretary may prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes of this Act. he may prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes of this Act. he may prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes of this Act. he may prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes of this Act."
346,<pad> summarize: a credit amount equals $0.15 per pound of eligible content of renewable chemical produced by the taxpayer during the taxable year. the term'renewable biomass' has the meaning given in section 9001(12) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002. the secretary may not allocate credit amounts under this section to applicants for taxable years.
347,"<pad> summarize: more than 5,000 infants are born each year with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. eric liu: if fetal alcohol syndrome or Fetal Alcohol Effects increases in proportion. liu: fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects pose extraordinary financial costs. liu: fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects are national problems. PURPOSE: this Act establishes a comprehensive program to help prevent Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects nationwide. such program shall coordinate, support, and conduct epidemiologic research. foster coordination among all federal agencies that conduct or support Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects research, programs, and surveillance.ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM. ""PART O FETAL ALCOHOL SYNDROME PREVENTION PROGRAM"" the Secretary shall establish a comprehensive Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects prevention program. the task force shall coordinate all Federal programs and research relating to Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects."
348,"<pad> summarize: Section 1902(10)(a)(10)(A)(i) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subclause (IX), (2) by adding ""or"" at the end of subclause (IX), (2) by adding at the end: who are qualified newborns (as defined in subsection (16)(A)) a state that determines that a child is enrolled in such coverage may not terminate such medical assistance for such"
349,"<pad> summarize: lands depicted on the map entitled """" and dated are hereby transferred to unreserved public domain lands. lands depicted on the map consisting of approximately 2,058.35 acres within the external boundaries of the National Forest. administrative jurisdiction over the lands described in paragraph (1) is hereby transferred from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the Interior. lands depicted on the map enti t"
350,"<pad> summarize: Section 31(b) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 USC. 1356a(b) is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""the"" and inserting: Fiscal years 2007 through 2010. the amount of qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2016 shall be determined using qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues received for fiscal year 2010. sally kohn: this act will help the development of affordable energy from the Outer Continental Shelf. kohn: it is the intent of the Congress that this Act result in a healthy and growing American industrial, manufacturing, transportation, and service sector. kohn: this act will encourage the development of American technology and manufacturing. kohn: it will also encourage the establishment of important industrial facilities."
351,"<pad> summarize: section 2905(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ""except that provisions of such Act intended to prevent excess profits arising from the receipt of surplus property shall not apply"" if the property reverts to United States control upon the expiration of the lease, the Secretary concerned may sublease the property for profit during the term of the"
352,<pad> summarize:......................... 'shared route' means a segment of more than one historic trail.'shared route' means a route shared with an existing national historic trail. study requirements and objectives specified in subsection (b) shall apply to a study required by this subsection.
353,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of homeland security, in consultation with the secretary of transportation, shall assess the security risks associated with freight and intercity passenger rail transportation and develop prioritized recommendations for improving the security of rail infrastructure and facilities, terminals, tunnels, rail bridges, rail switching areas, and other areas identified by the Secretary. the assessment shall include a review of any actions already taken or prospective actions necessary to address identified security issues by both public and private entities. within 180 days after Section 28101 is amended by striking ""the rail carrier"" each place it appears. the secretary of transportation shall review existing rail regulations. the department of transportation will review existing rail regulations. a review will be carried out within 180 days. Comptroller General shall carry out a study of rail passenger transportation security programs. the study will identify effective rail transportation security measures. it will include innovative measures and screening procedures determined effective. the study will be carried out for rail transportation systems in japan, member nations of the european Union, and other foreign countries.the secretary of homeland security will study the cost and feasibility of requiring security screening for all passengers, baggage, and mail, express, and other cargo on Amtrak trains. a pilot program of random security screening of passengers and baggage at 5 of the 10 busiest passenger rail stations served by Amtrak and up to five additional rail stations selected by the Secretary. any statutory limitation on the number of employees in the Transportation Security Administration does not apply. any such employees are responsible for implementing the provisions of this title. if you are unsure, please contact us if you have any questions. $677,000,000 for the 6 new york tunnels built in 1910. $57,000,000 for the Baltimore Potomac tunnel built in 1872. $57,000,000 to provide adequate drainage, ventilation, communication, lighting, and passenger egress upgrades. "
354,"<pad> summarize: nonadherence with medications costs over $177 billion a year. failure to take medications as prescribed costs over $177 billion annually. health care improvement should be a key component of the national health care reform agenda. if patients adhere to medications, it is possible to reduce higher-cost medical attention.Section 1860D-4(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-104(c)(2)(C) is amended by amending clause (i)(I) to read as follows. a prescription drug plan sponsor shall identify for medication therapy management interventions potential enrollees who are not described as targeted beneficiaries under clause (ii) or are not otherwise offered services described in subparagraph (C)(i"
355,"<pad> summarize: section 954 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting'subsection (a)(5)' and adding at the end the following new subsection: Imported Property Income. the term 'imported property' does not include any agricultural commodity which is sold, leased or rented by the controlled foreign corporation or a related person."
356,"<pad> summarize: development and implementation of technology is critical to combating terrorism. some united states allies in the global war on terrorism share a common interest in facilitating research, development, testing, and evaluation of technologies that will aid in detecting, preventing, responding to, responding to, recovering from. 'institution of higher education' has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 1001(a)). the Under Secretary is authorized to carry out international cooperative activities to support the responsibilities specified under section 302. The Under Secretary is authorized to conduct international cooperative activities jointly with other agencies."
357,"<pad> summarize: the national network of Fish Habitat Partnerships promotes intact and healthy fish habitats. enactment would ensure continued federal support. federal support would ensure continued federal support. for the ongoing activities of the National Fish Habitat Partnerships.the federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act is amended in section 203(1) (43 USC. 2302(1)), by striking ""cultural, or"" and inserting ""cultural, recreational access and use, or other"" in section 203(2) in the matter preceding subparagraph. in section 205 in subsection (a), by striking ""11"" and inserting ""22"" in section 206(c)(2) (43 USC. 2305(c)(3)) section 7(c) of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act is amended by striking ""not to exceed "" and all that follows through paragraph (5). if amended, it will be inserted ""not to exceed $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020""Section 3 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act is amended in subsection (b) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: Terms. each Director (other than a Director described in paragraph (1)) shall be appointed for a term of 6 years. Section 10 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act is amended in subsection (c) by striking ""(c) Powers""the neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act is amended in section 9(c)(2) (16 USC. 6108(c)(2)), by striking ""3"" and inserting ""4"". there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $6,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. of the amounts made available under subsection for each fiscal year, not less than 75 percent shall be expended for projects carried out at a location PARTNERS FOR FISH AND WILDLIFE PROGRAM ACT REAUTHORIZATION. Section 5 of the Partners for Fish and Wildlife PROGRAM ACT is amended by striking ""2011"" and inserting ""2020"". Section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. Section 200302(c)(3) of title 54, United States Code, is amended by striking ""notwithstanding section 200303 of this title, money"" and inserting ""Money"""
358,"<pad> summarize: Section 240A, subsection (e), of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended. it is amended in subsection (b), paragraph (3), by striking ""(1), (2), or (3). in subsection (d), paragraph (1), by inserting in lieu thereof ""(1), (2), or (3). alien who has become eligible for suspension of deportation or cancellation of removal as a result of the amendments made by section 2 may file one motion to reopen to apply for suspension of deportation or cancellation of removal."
359,<pad> summarize:......................... the term 'permitted open access transaction' is defined as a transaction involving an electric output facility. the term 'off-system purchaser' means an off-system sale other than an existing off-system sale. an issuer may suspend certain tax-exempt financing for electric output facilities. an election under this paragraph does not apply to any qualified bond.
360,"<pad> summarize: a grantee is not eligible to receive grant funds under this subtitle. if an entity is awarded grant funds under this subtitle, the Administrator will deposit an amount equal to the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee. the Administrator may not award a grant under any grant program described in this subtitle."
361,"<pad> summarize: Subsection (a) of section 36 is amended by striking ""who is a first-time homebuyer of a principal residence"" and inserting ""who purchases a principal residence"" section 36 of such Code is amended by striking ""first-time homebuyer credit"" in the heading and inserting ""home purchase credit""Exceptions. Death of taxpayer. Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any taxable year ending after the date of the taxpayer's death. if a taxpayer disposes of the principal residence with respect to which a credit was allowed under subsection, then the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased by the amount of such credit. if such transferee was the transferee, he must file a return with respect to taxes imposed"
362,"<pad> summarize: 'naturally occurring retirement community' means a geographical area in which not less than 40 percent of the noninstitutional residences are occupied for not less than 10 years by heads of households who are older individuals.'supportive services' means services offered to residents that may include case management, nutrition education, meals, and meal delivery.'supportive services' means services offered to residents that may include case management, 'health services and education, nutrition education"
363,<pad> summarize: subgrants to local educational agencies and community-based organizations based in the state. grants to local educational agencies and community-based organizations based in the state. subgrants may be based on scientifically valid research.
364,"<pad> summarize: despite gains made in the recently concluded Uruguay Round of trade negotiations, world agricultural trade is neither free nor fair. 11 of the major agricultural trade competitors of the United States spend a total of $500,000,000 annually on foreign market development programs for the benefit of their producers. 11 of the major agricultural trade competitors spend a total of $500,000,000 annually on foreign market development programs. eligible trade organizations are eligible to participate in foreign market development cooperator program. eligible trade organizations are eligible to participate in foreign market development cooperator program. the program is designed to increase foreign consumer and commercial use. the program will provide market development and customer support services.Section 601 of the Act of august 28, 1954 is repealed. it is amended by striking ""Section 601. For"" and inserting ""Section 601. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON FOREIGN MARKETS. In general. For""foreign market development cooperator program set to be implemented 90 days after enactment. transfer of Funds. funds made available for obligation for the ongoing projects and activities shall be transferred for use in carrying out the program. the amount made available to the Department of Agriculture for the ongoing projects and activities for fiscal year 1996 shall be adjusted to reflect the funds transferred under this subsection."
365,"<pad> summarize: fifty-five percent of women with children less than 1 year of age are part of the workforce. 73 percent of women with children 1 year of age or older are in the workforce. there is an extreme shortage of quality, affordable child care for infants. Section 658B of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 is amended by inserting """" after ""subchapter"" a parent of an eligible infant is eligible to receive financial assistance provided under section 658B(a) for a fiscal year. if a State elects to receive funds appropriated under section 658B(b) for a fiscal year, the State plan shall provide that the State will use such funds to carry out Section 418(c) of the social security act is amended by inserting """" after ""such Act"" the 1st place it appears. """" after ""such Act"" the 2nd place it appears. the social security act is amended by inserting """" after ""such Act"" the 2d place it appears. "
366,"<pad> summarize: title 18 of the United States Code is amended in section 2703 in subsection (a), by striking ""by a court with jurisdiction over the offense under investigation or an equivalent State warrant"" and inserting "" by a court of competent jurisdiction"" in subsection (b)(1)(A), by inserting ""by a court of competent jurisdiction"" in section 2711(3), by striking ""having jurisdiction over the offense being investigated"""
367,"<pad> summarize: Byron Nelson won 54 career victories, including a record 11 in a row in 1945. Byron Nelson won 5 majors, including 2 Masters, 2 Professional Golf Association. he is one of only 2 golfers to be named ""Male Athlete of the Year"" a gold medal of appropriate design will be awarded to Byron Nelson. the medal will be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. the medal will be awarded to the president pro tempore of the Senate. he will also strike a gold medal with appropriate emblems, devices and inscriptions. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.authority to USE Fund AMOUNTs is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund, such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the costs of the medals struck pursuant to this Act. proceeds of sale will be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
368,"<pad> summarize: establishing an international fellowship program under which Vietnamese nationals can undertake graduate and post-graduate level studies in the sciences, mathematics, medicine, and technology. to further the process of reconciliation between the United States and Vietnam and the building of a bilateral relationship serving the interests of both countries.the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 1001(a)). the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. there is established the Vietnam Education Foundation as an independent establishment under section 104 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. there is established the executive branch under section 104 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. two members of the House of Representatives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be appointed upon the recommendation of the Majority Leader and one of whom shall be appointed upon the recommendation of the Minority Leader. two members of the Senate, one of whom shall be appointed upon the recommendation of the Minority Leader, and who shall serve as ex officio, nonvoting members. six members to be appointed by the President from among individuals in a person awarded a fellowship under this Act may receive payments authorized under this Act. the Foundation may require that an institution of higher education make available funds for such fellowship on a matching basis. a person awarded a fellowship under this Act may receive payments authorized under this Act only during such periods as the Foundation finds that the person is maintaining satisfactory proficiency and devoting full time to study or teaching, as appropriate.there shall be deposited as offsetting receipts into the Fund all payments made by the Socialist Republic of Vietnam under the United States-Vietnam debt agreement. beginning with fiscal year 2002, and each subsequent fiscal year through fiscal year 2018, $5,000,000 of the amounts deposited into the Fund each fiscal year shall be available to the Foundation, without fiscal year limitation. executive secretary of the foundation shall be appointed by the Board. the Executive Director shall carry out the functions of the Foundation subject to the supervision and direction of the Board. decision to employ or terminate an Executive Director shall be made by an affirmative vote of at least 6 of the 9 voting members of the Board.the Foundation may prescribe such regulations as it considers necessary governing the manner in which its functions shall be carried out. (4) enter into contracts or other arrangements, or make grants, to carry out the provisions of this title, and enter into such contracts or other arrangements, or make such grants, with the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board. effective 120 days after expiration of the last fellowship in effect under this Act, the Foundation is abolished. the Foundation may not award any new fellowship, or extend any existing fellowship, after September 30, 2016. effective 120 days after the expiration of the last fellowship in effect under this Act, the Foundation is abolished. "
369,"<pad> summarize: enactment of this Act entitles the Secretary of Agriculture to develop a management plan for the scenic area. a final map and boundary description shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act. if there is any discrepancy between the acreage and the map referred to in subsection (a) and the map and boundary description required by this subsection shall control. if there is a conflict between the management lands in the State of Georgia are administered by the Secretary of Agriculture as part of the Chattahoochee National Forest and comprise approximately 8,448 acres. lands are incorporated into the existing wilderness area to which they adjoin. "
370,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Commerce may sell or exchange real property to the City of Norfolk, Virginia, in accordance with chapter 13 of title 40, United States Code. consideration under this subsection may include any combination of cash or cash equivalents, (B) other property. consideration under this subsection may include provision of space, goods, or services of benefit to NOAA including construction, repair, remodeling, or other useable space."
371,"<pad> summarize: the term ""CRS product"" means any written CRS product. it includes an update to a previous written CRS product. the term ""CRS report"" does not include any CRS product that is determined by the CRS Director to be a custom product.the GPO Director may not charge a fee for access to the Website. despite section 4102 of title 44, United States Code, the GPO Director may not charge a fee for access to the Website. if the GPO Director is provided with all of the information necessary to carry out this Act. gpo director must include the name and identification number of the CRS Report. gpo director must remove the name and contact information for any employee. gpo director must ensure that the index of all CRS Reports published on the Website is comprehensive. Section 203(d) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 is amended. it is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (7). and by adding "", and"" at the end of paragraph (8).RULES OF CONSTRUCTION may be construed to diminish, qualify, condition, waive, or otherwise affect the applicability of clause 1 of section 6 of article I of the constitution of the united states. nothing in this Act may be construed to diminish, qualify, condition, waive, or otherwise affect the applicability of clause 1 of section 6 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. this Act and the amendments made by this Act will take effect 90 days after the date on which the GPO Director submits the certification described in subsection (b)(2). the CRS Director shall provide the information and technology necessary for the GPO Director to begin the initial operation of the Website. "
372,<pad> summarize: a day of qualified disaster relief services may be taken into account under this section only if such services are performed for at least 8 hours of such day. a day of qualified disaster relief services may be taken into account under this section only if such services are performed for at least 8 hours of such day. a day of qualified disaster relief services may be taken into account under this section only if such services are performed for at least 8 hours of such day.
373,"<pad> summarize: the Overseas Private Investment Corporation is abolished. the director of the Office of Management and Budget shall perform the functions of the Corporation until the expiration of such contracts and agreements, but shall not renew any such contract or agreement. the Director shall take the necessary steps to wind up the affairs of the Corporation.the repeal made by section 2(d) of the provisions of law set forth in such section shall not affect any order, determination, regulation, or contract that has been issued, made, or allowed to become effective under such provisions before the effective date of the repeal. all such orders, determinations, regulations, and contracts shall continue in effect until modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by the President, the Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking. Section 5316 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking. Section 222(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended. Section 2312(d)(1) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 USC. 4721(b)(9) is amended by striking. "
374,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF INDIAN TELECOMMUNICATIONS POLICY is amended. 50 percent of Indian and Alaskan Native people live in some of the most geographically remote areas of the country. telecommunications Act of 1996 establishes a Federal-State Joint Board. section 254 of communications Act of 1934 is amended in subsection (b) by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (7) as paragraph (6). telecommunications carriers must ensure the delivery of telecommunications and information services to Native Americans at just, reasonable, and affordable rates. telecommunications carriers must ensure the delivery of telecommunications and information services to Native Americans at just, reasonable, and affordable rates.Section 103 of the national Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Native American Telecommunications Infrastructure Policy Initiatives. in carrying out the authority to serve as the President's adviser under subsection (b)(2)(D), the Assistant Secretary and the NTIA shall be responsible for designing and proposing policy initiatives to encourage investment in, and the deployment of, telecommunications systems on Indian lands."
375,"<pad> summarize: a process for filing petitions for nonimmigrant visa petitions is established. if an employer issues a Request for Evidence the employer may request such Request for Evidence to be delivered in an online format. if the employer makes the request described in subparagraph (A) the Request for Evidence shall be provided to the employer in an online format. if the employer makes the request described in subparagraph (A) the request shall be provided to the Section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) is amended by inserting ""(A)"" after ""(1)"" multiple employers may submit a joint petition to import aliens as nonimmigrants. if a petition to import aliens as nonimmigrants described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) is denied or if the issuance of visas requested"
376,<pad> summarize:......................... telecommunications and information administration has exclusive jurisdiction over civil actions. a civil action may be brought in a district court if the defendant violates a law. a civil action may be brought in a district court. a civil action may be brought in a district court.
377,"<pad> summarize: each State authorized to conduct a demonstration project under this section may submit to the Secretary an application containing a description of the measures to be employed to coordinate the administration of programs for needy families with children that are administered by the Secretary. each State authorized to conduct a demonstration project under this section shall ensure that the project serves urban, rural, and linguistically and culturally diverse clients and include the broadest possible range of services."
378,"<pad> summarize: u.s. provided $275 million to the west bank and Gaza in fiscal year 2005. $50 million was provided directly to the palestinian government. the inclusion of Hamas or any other foreign terrorist organization in a palestinian government is an implicit endorsement. u.s. is actively working to disarm and dismantle terrorist agencies, networks, and facilities. u.s. is actively working to eliminate terrorist incitement and the commemoration of terrorists in palestinia. a certification described in subsection (b) is a certification transmitted by the President to Congress. the president shall transmit to Congress a recertification that the requirements are continuing to be met. if the President is unable to make such a recertification, he shall transmit to Congress a report containing the reasons therefor."
379,<pad> summarize: Section 1886 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Prospective Payment System for Inpatient Psychiatric Services. the amount of payment with respect to the operating and capital-related costs of inpatient hospital services of a psychiatric facility (as defined in paragraph (7)(B)) is equal to the applicable Federal per diem rate determined under paragraph (3) for the facility for the fiscal year in which the day of
380,"<pad> summarize: defenders and prisoners of war at bataan awarded gold medal under subsection (a) a single gold medal of appropriate design in honor of troops from the united states and the Philippines. the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it shall be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. the Secretary may strike duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 2. he may sell such duplicates at a price sufficient to cover the costs of such duplicates, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery and overhead expenses. medals struck pursuant to this Act for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. medals struck pursuant to this Act for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's nasa's there is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. "
381,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE is to establish a commission on the centennial of World War I. it promotes the values of honor, courage, patriotism, and sacrifice. the four Guardian Spirits sculpted on the Liberty Memorial Monument.COMMISSION ON THE COMMEMORATION OF THE CENTENNIAL OF WORLD WAR I is established. the Commission shall have the following duties: To plan, develop, and execute programs, projects, and activities to commemorate the centennial of World War I. to serve as a clearinghouse for the collection and dissemination of information about events and plans for the centennial of World War I."
382,"<pad> summarize: career guidance and counseling programs develop competencies in self-knowledge and career planning. students at schools with highly integrated, rigorous, academic and career and technical education programs have significantly higher achievement in reading, mathematics, and science than students at schools with less integrated programs. a student-to-counselor ratio of two-hundred fifty to one. federal share of subgrants may be 80 percent of the costs of the grants. federal share may be 20 percent, and may be provided in cash or in-kind. federal share may be 80 percent of the total amounts available. federal share may be 20 percent, and may be provided in cash."
383,<pad> summarize: UNITED STATES LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES resulting from spread of wildfire. Title III of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 is amended by inserting after section 318 the following new item relating to section 319. liability for damages resulting from spread of wildfire from public lands or national forest system lands. the rule of law specified in subsection (a) shall not apply if the forested Federal lands within the
384,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> qualified replacement employee' means an individual who has been an employee of the taxpayer for any taxable year. the term <unk> qualified replacement employee' means an individual who has been an employee for the 91-day period immediately preceding the period during which the qualified employee participates in qualified reserve component duty. if the credit allowable under subsection (a) for a taxable year exceeds the excess of the regular tax for the taxable year,"
385,"<pad> summarize: Section 224 of the Public Health Service Act is repealed. there is established the Biodefense Injury Compensation Program under which compensation may be paid for death or any injury, illness, disability, or condition that is likely to have been caused by the administration of a covered countermeasure to an individual pursuant to a declaration under subsection (p)(2). if the deceased was 18 years of age or older, the greater of the amount described in subclause (i"
386,"<pad> summarize: 1.2 percent of licensed firearms dealers account for a large proportion of the firearms traced from crimes. in 1998, just over 450 licensed firearms dealers had traced 10 or more guns that were used in crimes within 3 years after they sold them. Section 923g(1)(B)(ii)(I) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""once"" and inserting ""3 times"". if amended, if amended. if amended. a violation of section 924(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code is fined under this title. if convicted, he will be sentenced to 10 years in prison. he will be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years. he shall promulgate the amendments provided for under this subsection. section 924(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code is amended. if the violation is in relation to an offense under subsection (a)(6) or (d) of section 922, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years.the Secretary may suspend or revoke any license issued under this section. if the holder has willfully violated any provision of this chapter or any rule or regulation prescribed by the Secretary under this chapter. a hearing under this paragraph shall be held at a location convenient to the aggrieved party.Section 925(b) of title 18 is amended by striking ""until any conviction pursuant to the indictment becomes final"". the indictment is inserted ""until the date of any conviction pursuant to the indictment becomes final"" "
387,"<pad> summarize: the Four Corners Monument is nationally significant as the only geographic location in the United States where 4 State boundaries meet. the four Corners area is distinct in character and possesses important historical, cultural, and prehistoric values and resources within the surrounding cultural landscape. the area falls entirely within the Navajo Nation or Ute Mountain Ute Tribe reservations. the term ""Center"" means the Four Corners Interpretive Center established under section 4, including restrooms, parking areas, vendor facilities, vendors, exhibits. the term ""Four Corners Heritage Council"" means the nonprofit coalition of Federal, State, and tribal entities established in 1992 by agreements of the Governors of the States of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah.Navajo Nation or the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe will establish a center for the interpretation and commemoration of the Four Corners Monument Tribal Park. land for the Center shall be designated and made available by the Navajo Nation or the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe within the boundary of the Four Corners Monument Tribal Park. the center shall include a location for permanent and temporary exhibits depicting the archaeological, the recipient is authorized to award a federal grant for up to 50 percent of the cost to construct the Center. the recipient shall provide assurances that the non-Federal share is paid from non-Federal sources. the recipient shall provide assurances that the non-Federal share of the costs of construction is paid from non-Federal sources. the recipient shall enter into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU SELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENT authorized to award grant. Four Corners Heritage Council may make recommendations on grant proposals relating to the design of facilities at the Four Corners Monument Tribal Park. SELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENT. SELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENT. authorized to be appropriated to carry out this act $2,000,000 for fiscal year 1999. and $50,000 for each fiscal years 2000-2004 for maintenance and operation of the center, program development, or staffing in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 5(b). Carryover. the Secretary may accept, retain, and expand donations of funds. donations of funds may be used by private persons and entities. the Secretary may use property or services donated from public entities. he may also use property or services donated from private persons and entities. Navajo Nation or the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe have no right or claim based on any law. this Act is intended to abrogate, modify, or impair any right or claim based on any law."
388,"<pad> summarize: the term ""chronic wasting disease"" means the animal disease afflicting deer and elk. it belongs to the group of diseases known as transmissible spongiform encephalopathies. it includes scrapie, bovine spongiform encephalopathy and Cruetzfeldt-Jakob disease. the Secretary of the Interior shall establish a modeling program to predict the spread of chronic wasting disease in wild herds of deer and elk. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior $1,000,000 to carry out this section. "
389,"<pad> summarize: CENTER OF EXCELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAGNOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO BURN PITS AND OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. the center of excellence shall be established using the directives, policies, and Comptroller General and Inspector General recommendations in effect as of the date of"
390,"<pad> summarize: eligible educational institution, association, or organization receiving a grant under this section shall develop a curriculum and capacity training requirement that includes training in various skill sets needed by successful entrepreneurs. the director may not award a grant in excess of $1,500,000 in any fiscal year. grants made under this section shall require a private matching grant of 15 percent. there is established in the Minority Business Development Agency an Office of Minority Entrepreneurship and Business Development. the Associate Director shall be an appointee in the Senior Executive Service who is a career appointee, or an employee in the competitive service. increase the proportion of counseling and training that goes to minority start-ups.term ""eligible association or organization"" means a minority business association. it has been in existence for at least the 5-year period before the date of awarding a grant under section 2. the term ""historically black college"" has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. "
391,"<pad> summarize: section 306(a)(19) is amended by adding at the end: Special rules applicable to grants for hospitals. the maximum amount of such a grant shall be $100,000. no financing requirement. the Secretary may not condition the provision of such a grant on the inability of the applicant to finance the proposed project, in whole or in part. the Secretary may not make a grant under subsection (a) unless the State Office of Rural Health involved agrees that the grant will not be expended to provide health care. if the State Office of Rural Health involved agrees that the grant will not be expended to provide health care.ANNUAL STUDY AND REPORT ON RURAL HOSPITALS. study is conducted by the secretary of health and human services. study is based on the number of rural hospitals that closed in such fiscal year. "
392,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: SENSE OF CONGRESS affirmed importance of strengthening efforts at atrocity prevention and response. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: sen. kohn: s sen. martin mccarthy: addressing root causes of insecurity and violent conflict. mccarthy: promoting financial transparency and enhancing anti-corruption initiatives. mccarthy: promoting financial transparency and enhancing anti-corruption initiatives. Section 708 of the foreign service act of 1980 is amended in subparagraph (a)(1). the term 'peacebuilding' means nonviolent activities designed to prevent conflict. the term 'peacebuilding' means nonviolent activities designed to prevent conflict. a report, with a classified annex if necessary, includes a detailed description of current efforts based on United States and locally identified indicators. the report includes a detailed description of current efforts based on United States and locally identified indicators. recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities described in subparagraph (A) the term ""genocide"" means an offense under subsection (a) of title 18 of title 18. KAREN L. HAAS, clerk of the house of reps, has passed this Act. the term ""genocide"" means an offense under subsection (a) of section 1091 of title 18."
393,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 2033 is amended by inserting after section 2033 the following new item: ""Section 2033A. Exclusion for small businesses and family farms"" the term 'qualified small business or family farm interest' means any interest in a closely held business if the decedent was actively engaged in such business. if more than 40 percent of the adjusted ordinary gross income of such trade or business would qualify as personal holding company income."
394,"<pad> summarize: former Fort Wingate Depot Activity ceased in 1993. the active mission ceased, and the installation was closed pursuant to title II. lands no longer needed by the Department of the Army would be transferred to the Secretary of the Interior and held in trust. Exception: unless the Zuni Tribe elects under subsection (c)(3) to have specified parcels of the lands conveyed to the Navajo Nation in restricted fee status. if the Navajo Nation elects under subsection (c)(3) to have specified parcels of the lands conveyed to the Zuni Tribe in restricted fee status. if the Navajo Nation elects under subsection lands of former Fort Wingate Depot Activity held in trust or conveyed in restricted fee status pursuant to section 3 subject to such easements as reasonably required to permit access to lands of former Fort Wingate Depot Activity for administrative, environmental cleanup, and environmental remediation purposes. both the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation shall have unhindered access to their respective cultural and religious sites within Parcel 1.the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation shall be held harmless from any claim, suit, demand, judgment, cost, or fee arising from Department of the Army activities on or off former Fort Wingate Depot Activity site. a parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity has been transferred or conveyed under section 3. "
395,"<pad> summarize: section 38 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term <unk> qualified possession employee' means, with respect to any period, any employee of an eligible employer if substantially all of the services performed during such taxable year is performed by such employee. if 75 percent or more of the gross income of such domestic corporation for such period was derived from sources within a possession of the United States, such employee is subject to tax by such paragraph (6) of section 162(l) is amended by striking ""June 30, 1992"" and inserting ""December 31, 1993"" amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after June 30, 1992. amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1992."
396,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible employer' means an eligible employer unless such employer offers paid family and medical leave. 'eligible employer' means an eligible employer unless such employer provides paid family and medical leave in compliance with a policy which ensures that the employer will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exercise, any right provided under the policy. 'eligible employer' means an eligible employer unless such employer the study examines the effectiveness of the tax credit for paid family and medical leave authorized under section 45S of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in terms of increasing access to paid family and medical leave among eligible employers. ii) increasing the generosity of existing paid family and medical leave policies among eligible employers. iii) providing recommendations for ways to modify or enhance the tax credit to further promote access to paid family and medical leave among qualifying employees. "
397,"<pad> summarize: the term 'elementary school' has the meaning given the term in section 8101. the term 'eligible indian student' means an Indian student who is eligible under section 273.12. 'eligible indian student' means an Indian student who is eligible under section 273.12 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations."
398,"<pad> summarize: the term 'nonprofit, nongovernmental organization' means an entity established to represent NHOPI populations. the term 'insular area' means representatives from hawai<unk> i, american Samoa, the federated states of Micronesia, Guam, the Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. the secretary shall develop and implement an ongoing and sustainable national strategy for identifying and evaluating the health status and health"
399,"<pad> summarize: atmospheric carbon can be significantly reduced through conservation. it can be shifting to renewable energy sources such as solar, wind, tidal, and geothermal. educating people of new technologies and programs as they become available will ensure maximum understanding and maximum effect of those measures. the term ""climate change education"" means informal interdisciplinary learning at all age levels about climate change, climate adaptation and mitigation, and climate resilience. the term ""green collar job"" means a job in a business that produces goods or provides services that benefit the environment or conserve natural resources. the term ""green economy"" means an economy that results in improved human well-being by significantly reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcities.a program will be established to increase climate literacy of the united states. the program will provide formal and informal learning opportunities to individuals of all ages, including individuals of diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds. emphasized actionable information to help people understand and promote implementation of new technologies, programs, and incentives related to climate change, climate adaptation and mitigation. the administrator of the national Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall establish a program to make grants to States to encourage and support plans and programs for kindergarten through grade 12 formal and informal climate change education to ensure students graduate from high school with high climate literacy. there shall be, within the Office of Education of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, a Climate Change Education Office to administer the grant program required by subsection (a). enactment of this Act is enacted one year after the date of the act. a report will be submitted to congress. the report evaluates the scientific merits, educational effectiveness and broader effects of activities carried out under this Act.there are authorized to be appropriated to the national Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2024 to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the national Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2024. "
400,"<pad> summarize: tuberculosis is one of the greatest infectious causes of death of adults worldwide. an estimated 8,000,000 individuals develop active tuberculosis each year. tuberculosis is spreading as a result of inadequate treatment.amendment to Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by striking paragraph (7). the term <unk> DOTS-Plus' means the global alliance for tuberculosis drug development. the term 'Stop Tuberculosis Drug Facility' means the new initiative of the stop tuberculosis partnership. appropriations are authorized to be appropriated $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2004. appropriations may be necessary for fiscal year 2005. appropriations may remain available until expended. appropriations are available for such purposes. "
401,"<pad> summarize: law enforcement agencies use internet-based crime-fighting, investigatory, and information-sharing technologies. d.c. grants to rural police departments for purchase or upgrade of computer equipment. police departments in rural areas tend to be underserved by these technologies. the attorney general is authorized to award grants to rural police departments. reimburse rural police department officials and members for the cost of computer equipment or Internet access. a federal grant is required to grant grants to rural police departments. a federal grant is required to grant grants. grants may be used to purchase new or upgraded computer hardware or software. grants may also be used to reimburse rural police departments that have paid for computer equipment or Internet access out of the funds of the department or department official or members. USE OF FUNDS is based on a grant. APPLICATION. each eligible rural police department that desires a grant under this Act must submit an application to the Attorney General at such time, in such manner, and in such manner accompanied by such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require.the Attorney General sets limits for maximum annual grants based on determinations made under subsection. determining which police departments are currently underserved by crime-fighting, investigatory, or information-sharing technologies. determine what would constitute the minimum feasible package of technologies required to enable those police departments to use existing crime-fighting, investigatory, and information-sharing technologies. the Attorney General shall establish a Police Department Technology Assistance Desk. he will offer advice to chiefs of police in rural police departments relating to the types of products to buy. technology upgrades for those police departments in possession of outmoded or obsolete technology, (3) preferred vendors. general accounting office will annually report to Congress on the concentration of police departments in the country that have Internet access. the general accounting office will also report to congress on the number and percentage of rural police departments that lack internet access. the general accounting office will also report to congress on the number and percentage of rural police departments that lack high-speed internet access. there is authorized to be appropriated $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2007 to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2007 to carry out this Act. if you are able to carry out this Act, you must pay $500,000,000. "
402,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds presentation and preservation of African American life, art, history, and culture are inadequate. a national museum and interpretive and educational programs will help to inspire and educate the people of the united states regarding the cultural legacy of African Americans and the contributions made by African Americans to the society of the United States.a museum is established within the Smithsonian Institution a museum. it will provide a center for scholarship relating to African American life, art, history, and culture. a location for permanent and temporary exhibits documenting African American life, art, history, and culture.board of Regents is authorized to plan, design, reconstruct, and renovate the arts and industries Building of the Smithsonian institution. the museum is housed in the Smithsonian Institution. the museum is a museum in the nevada area. twenty-one individuals of diverse disciplines and geographical residence appointed by the Board of Regents. members of the Board of Trustees may be reappointed. vacancies on the Board of Trustees shall not affect its powers and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy on the Board of Trustees shall not affect its powers and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. the Board of Trustees shall recommend annual budgets for the Museum. the Board of Regents shall recommend annual budgets for the museum. the Board of Trustees shall recommend annual budgets for the museum. the Board of Regents shall recommend annual budgets for the museum. DIRECTOR AND STAFF may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. appoint a director who shall manage the Museum without regard to the provisions of title 5. the term ""Board of Regents"" means the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. the term ""Board of Regents"" means the Board of Trustees of the National African American Museum established in section 5(a).-a-p-p-p-r-o-p-r-o-p-r-r-i-a-z-e-d -t-o -c-a-r-i-a-t-e -t-o -c-a-r-y -o-u-t -t-h-i-s -A-c-t -$-5-,-"
403,"<pad> summarize: Section 104 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 31. Section 102. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICERS. Section 104. Effective date. Section 102. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICERS. Section 102. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICERS."
404,"<pad> summarize: a reverse auction may not be used if the award of a covered contract is to be made. a reverse auction may not be used if only one offer is received. a reverse auction may not be used if a government agency misinforms an offeror.Chapter 93 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""9310. Individual sureties"" if another applicable Federal law or regulation permits the acceptance of a bond from a surety based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall consist of eligible obligations described under section 9303(a)."
405,"<pad> summarize: subchapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Part IX. Opt out of Iraq war"" a designation under subsection (a)(3) may be made by the executor of the estate under written authority of the decedent. a designation under subsection (a)(3) may be made on a joint return only if both spouses make the designation. iraq war veterans college fund is established in the Treasury of the united states a trust fund to be known as the 'Future Fund' there is established in the Treasury of the united states a trust fund consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated or credited into such Fund as provided in this section and section 9602(b)"
406,"<pad> summarize: agreement limited to qualified areas of northern ireland and the republic of ireland. no trade benefit shall be extended to any country by reason of extension of any trade benefit to another country. a rate of duty reduction or increase may take effect only if a provision authorizing such reduction is included in an implementing bill provided for in connection with the agreement authorized by this Act. the reduction or elimination of any duty imposed on any article by the united states. if that article is the growth, product, or manufacture of a qualified area of northern ireland or the republic of ireland. if that article is the growth, product, or manufacture of a qualified area of northern ireland or the republic of ireland. if any reduction or elimination of any duty is proclaimed with respect to any article under this Act, the United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President regarding the probable economic effect of providing duty-free treatment for such article that is a product of a qualified area of Northern Ireland or the Republic of Irland. consultations are held with the committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. each joint committee of the Congress has jurisdiction over legislation involving subject matters which would be affected by the trade agreement. the consultation described in subsection (a) shall include consultation with respect to the nature of the agreement. agreement enters into force with respect to the united states if the President notifies the House of Representatives and the Senate of the President's intention to enter into the trade agreement. within 60 days after entering into the agreement, the President submits to Congress a description of those changes to existing laws that the President considers would be required to bring the United States into compliance with the agreement.the term ""qualifying area"" means a county contiguous to Northern Ireland. it is defined by the United Kingdom's report, Relative Deprivation in Northern Ireland. the term ""qualifying area"" means a county that is contiguous to Northern Ireland. it is defined by the United Kingdom's report, Relative Deprivation in Northern Ireland."
407,"<pad> summarize: a redistricting plan developed by a nonpartisan agency of the legislative branch of the State government enacted into law by the State in accordance with section 3. Section 22(c) is amended by striking ""in the manner provided by the law thereof""nonpartisan agency established or designated by a State under this section develops a redistricting plan for the state. the agency may not take into consideration any of the following factors, except to the extent necessary to comply with the Voting Rights Act of 1965. if a State does not designate an existing agency under this section, the new agency shall terminate upon the enactment into law. a redistricting plan developed by the nonpartisan agency is considered to be enacted into law if the state legislature approves the revised redistricting plan without amendment. a redistricting plan developed and submitted by the nonpartisan agency under subsection (c) is consistent with the criteria set forth in section 3(b) but which addresses the reasons provided under paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) for the rejection of the revised redistricting plan. the the term ""redistricting year"" means the year in which the chief executive officer of the state receives the notice from the Clerk of the House of Representatives under section 22(b) of the Act. the act provides for the fifteenth and subsequent decennial censuses.this Act or any amendment made by this Act may be construed to affect the manner in which a State carries out elections for state or local office. a state establishes the districts used in such elections.this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply. a redistricting occurs after the regular decennial census conducted during 2020. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to any Congressional redistricting which occurs after the regular decennial census conducted during decennial census."
408,"<pad> summarize: up to 10 percent of funds made available to each federal department and agency for any fiscal year shall be made available to foreign countries through the activities of United States organizations or businesses owned or controlled by naturalized United States citizens. up to 10 percent of funds made available to each Federal department and agency for any fiscal year to carry out United States development assistance or humanitarian assistance programs.the president shall prepare and transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing a description of the implementation of section 3 for the preceding fiscal year. each such report shall specify the number and dollar value or amount of prime contracts, subcontracts, grants, and cooperative agreements awarded to organizations and individuals described in such section during the preceding fiscal year. ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on international relations of the house of representatives. ""united states development assistance or humanitarian assistance programs"" means programs to provide development assistance or humanitarian assistance under major budget functional category 150. the term ""United States development assistance or humanitarian assistance programs"" means programs to provide development assistance or humanitarian assistance under major budget functional category 150."
409,<pad> summarize: the marine mammal commission recommended the establishment of a research program. the marine mammal commission established under section 201 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 has research and management responsibilities under that Act that make it the appropriate entity to administer a marine mammal research program. the marine mammal commission established under section 201 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 has research and management responsibilities. n.a. marine mammal research program is established under section 221(a). n.a. marine mammal research program is established under section 221(a). n.a. marine mammal research program is established under section 221(a) n.a. marine mammal research program is established under section 221(a) 
410,"<pad> summarize: section 2(g) is amended by inserting before the period at the end ""or any nonhuman primate"" section 2(g) of the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 is amended by inserting before the period at the end ""or any nonhuman primate"" section 4(a) of the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 is amended in subsection (a) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ""or"" after the semicolon, (ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), and by inserting ""or subsection "" before the period. it is unlawful to import, export, transport, sell, receive, acquire, or purchase in interstate or foreign commerce any live animal of any section 3 of the Captive Wildlife Safety Act is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""(a) In general. Section 3"" and inserting ""Section 3"" and ""section 3"". and by striking subsection (b).section 7(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. The Secretary shall, in consultation with other relevant Federal and State agencies, issue regulations to implement section 3(e). ""The Secretary shall, in consultation with other relevant Federal and State agencies, issue regulations to implement section 3(e).AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ADDITIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2009."
411,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. it is the purpose of this Act to enable the centers for. disease control and prevention to examine the role and positive and negative impact of electronic. media in children's and. adolescents' cognitive,. social, emotional, physical, and behavioral development. RESEARCH ON THE ROLE AND IMPACT OF ELECTRONIC MEDIA IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS is amended by redesignating section 399O as section 399P. the Secretary, acting through the Director, shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Science or another appropriate entity to review, synthesize, and report on research, and establish research priorities. the research provided for"
412,"<pad> summarize: a participating State is eligible to receive an allocation under this paragraph. a participating State may award not more than $1,000,000,000. a participating State may award on a competitive basis unused funds. a participating State may submit an application not later than the date established."
413,"<pad> summarize: pyramid promotional schemes, chain letters, and related schemes constitute a threat in interstate commerce and to the financial well-being of the citizens of the united states. the advent of the global Internet makes pyramid promotional schemes international threats. the Ninth Circuit erred in defining a pyramid promotional scheme in Webster v. Omnitrition Int'l, Inc.the term ""appropriate inventory repurchase program"" means a program by which a plan or operation repurchases based upon commercially reasonable terms. ""commercially reasonable terms"" means the repurchase of current and marketable inventory within 12 months from date of purchase at not less than 90 percent of the original net cost to the participant, less appropriate set-offs and legal claims if any. ""current and marketable"" does not include inventory that the federal trade commission promulgates a rule under section 18(a) of the federal trade commission Act. it shall be an unfair or deceptive act or practice under section 5 of such Act. it shall be an unfair or deceptive act or practice under section 5 of such Act.the attorney general of a State or territory of the United States may seek such relief on behalf of residents of such State or territory. an authorized federal official may seek such relief on behalf of residents of such States and territories. such court may grant restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, or other appropriate relief. a federal official is unable to take action against pyramid promotional schemes. the rules of this Act or the rule promulgated under it will not apply. a federal official is not allowed to take action against pyramid promotional schemes. "
414,<pad> summarize: section 204(b) of the Andean Trade Preference Act is amended to read as follows: Exceptions to duty-free treatment. the treatment provided under this title shall not apply to textile and apparel articles subject to textile agreements. an article otherwise eligible for preferential treatment under this subsection shall not be ineligible for such treatment because the article contains findings or trimmings of foreign origin.
415,"<pad> summarize: the Clayton Act is amended by redesignating section 28 as section 29. it shall be unlawful for any person to refuse to sell, or to export or divert existing supplies of petroleum, gasoline, or other fuel derived from petroleum or natural gas. court shall consider whether the cost of acquiring, producing, refining, processing, marketing, selling, or otherwise making such products available has increased. 270 days after enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission shall submit a report to Congress regarding the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a), including recommendations and proposed legislation.the term ""covered consent decree"" means a consent decree to which either the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice is a party. it was entered by the district court not earlier than 10 years before the date of enactment of this Act. it required divestitures, which involved a person engaged in the business of exploring for, producing, refining, or otherwise processing, storing, marketing, selling, or otherwise making available petroleum, gasoline or the attorney general and the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission shall establish a joint task force. the task force will include the attorney general of any state that chooses to participate. the task force will investigate information sharing among persons in the business of exploring for, producing, refining, or otherwise processing, storing, marketing, selling, or otherwise making available petroleum, gasoline or other fuel derived from petroleum, or natural gas.the Sherman Act is amended by redesignating section 8 as section 9. it shall be illegal and a violation of this Act for any foreign state. it shall be illegal and a violation of this Act for any other foreign state."
416,"<pad> summarize: paragraph 211(o) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7545(o)(3)) is amended by striking subparagraph (11) the applicable volume of renewable fuel includes cellulosic biomass ethanol and waste derived ethanol. the term 'cellulosic biomass ethanol' means ethanol derived from animal wastes. the term also includes any ethanol produced in facilities where animal waste is digested ethanol-gasoline blend containing more than 10 percent ethanol by volume is intended for general use in conventional gasoline-powered onroad or nonroad vehicles or engines. ethanol-gasoline blend described in subsection (a) on engine performance of conventional gasoline-powered onroad and nonroad vehicles and nonroad engines, (B) emissions from the use of the blend. "
417,"<pad> summarize: sex, race, and national origin are a factor in a segregated work force. sex, color, religion, national origin, and sex are a factor. discrimination in hiring and promotion has played a role in maintaining a segregated work force. no employer having employees subject to any provisions of this section shall discriminate between its employees on the basis of sex, race, or national origin. an employer who is paying a wage rate differential in violation of subparagraph (A) shall not, in order to comply with the provisions of such subparagraph, reduce the wage rate of any employee. any amounts owing to any employee which have been withheld in violation of paragraph (1)(A) shall be section 15(a) (29 USC. 215(a) is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon and by adding after paragraph (5) the following. to discriminate against any individual because such individual has opposed any act or practice made unlawful by section 6(g) or because such individual made a charge, testified, assisted, or participated in any manner in an investigation, proceeding, or hearing under section the court shall allow expert fees as part of the costs. in subsection (b), by striking ""section 15(a)(3)"" each place it occurs and inserting ""paragraphs (3), (6), and of section 15(a)"" every employer subject to section 6(g) shall preserve such records for such periods of time. every employer subject to section 6(g) shall file annually with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission a report containing information in such detail as may be necessary accurately. the report shall not list the name of any individual employee.the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission shall undertake studies and provide information and technical assistance to employers, labor organizations, and the general public. such studies, information, and technical assistance shall be based upon and include reference to the declared policy of such section to eliminate such discrimination. in order to achieve the purposes of such section, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission shall further carry on a continuing program of research, education, and technical assistance including undertaking and promoting research.amendments to this Act take effect upon the expiration of one year from the date of its enactment. the amendments will take effect upon the expiration of one year from the date of its enactment. "
418,"<pad> summarize: CCHD screening, evaluation, diagnosis, results reporting, data collection and surveillance programs and systems. CCHD screening, evaluation, diagnosis, and intervention programs and systems aimed at reducing congenital heart defect. CCHD screening and other secondary conditions associated with hypoxemia, evaluation, diagnosis, and intervention programs and systems aimed at reducing infant mortality and morbidity."
419,"<pad> summarize: the President is authorized to present a gold medal of appropriate design to Peter F. Drucker. the gold medal will be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. he is authorized to strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 2. a price sufficient to cover the costs and the cost of the gold medals. if a bronze medal struck under section 2, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31. there is hereby authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund an amount not to exceed $30,000 to pay for the cost of the medals authorized by this Act. Proceeds of Sale. amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under section 3 shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
420,"<pad> summarize: Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis are serious inflammatory diseases of the gastrointestinal tract. ulcerative colitis is characterized by inflammation and ulceration of the innermost lining of the colon. there is no known cause of inflammatory bowel disease, or medical cure. the director of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases shall expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the Institute with respect to research on inflammatory bowel disease. inflammatory bowel disease research, including clinical studies and treatment trials.inflammatory bowel disease in the united states is regulated by the cdc. inflammatory bowel disease is regulated in the united states. inflammatory bowel disease is regulated in the united states. inflammatory bowel disease is regulated in the united states. the institute of medicine of the national academics of science shall conduct a study on the coverage standards of medicare, medicaid, and the private insurance market. the study will also take into account the appropriate outpatient or home health care delivery settings. not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Institute of Medicine shall submit a report to Congress describing the findings of the study. general accounting office conducts a study of the problems patients encounter when applying for disability insurance benefits under title II of the Social Security Act. the study will also include recommendations for improving the application process for inflammatory bowel disease patients. the study will also include recommendations for improving the application process."
421,<pad> summarize: u.s. officials have imposed a lease of power privilege on small conduit hydropower projects. u.s. officials have imposed a lease of power privilege on small conduit hydropower projects. u.s. officials have imposed a lease of power privilege on small conduit hydropower projects.
422,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Findings and purposes........................ Definitions........................ Office of tribal government homeland security.......................report to congress. report to congress. report to congress. report to congress. report to congress... report to congress. report to congress.. report to congress. report to congress. authorization of appropriations. authorization of appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations.despite the relationship between Indian tribes and the united states, the united states has failed to include and consult with Indian tribes with regard to homeland security prevention, protection, and response activities planning. despite the government-to-government relationship between Indian tribes and the united states, the United States has failed to include and consult with Indian tribes.the term ""Director"" means the director of the office of tribal government homeland security. the term ""Indian tribe"" has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act. OFFICE OF TRIBAL GOVERNMENT HOMELAND SECURITY is established within the Department of Homeland Security. the director shall be equal in pay and authority of an Assistant Secretary. the director shall ensure the coordination of federal programs that provide assistance to eligible Indian tribes.the Secretary, in consultation with the Director, shall prepare and submit a report. each report prepared under subsection (a) shall include for the period covered by the report a summary of the activities carried out by the Secretary in carrying out subsections (b) through (h) of section 4. and any recommendations for legislation that the Secretary, in consultation with the Director, determine to be necessary to carry out such sections. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums are necessary to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums are necessary to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. "
423,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Commerce and other appropriate Federal agencies execute memoranda of understanding or other agreements to strengthen interagency cooperation on seafood safety, seafood labeling, and seafood fraud. the agreements shall include provisions, as appropriate for each such agreement, for cooperative arrangements for examining and testing seafood imports that leverage the resources, capabilities, and authorities of each party to the agreement. a report to the Congress on the scope of unfair or deceptive acts or practices with respect within 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary will increase the number of laboratories certified to the standards of the fda. within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish in the Federal Register no less frequently than annually. noAA LABORATORIES may increase the number and capacity of labs. the Secretary determines that increased laboratory capacity is necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. appropriations Acts may also be introduced to the department. if the Secretary of health and human services determines that seafood imports may not meet the requirements established under applicable federal law. the Secretary may issue an order refusing admission into the United States if all shipments into the United States under subsection (a) of seafood originating from a country or exporter more than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary issued the order have been found to meet the requirements of applicable federal law. inspectors may send 1 or more inspectors to a country or exporter from which seafood exported to the united states originates. the inspectors will assess practices and processes being used in connection with the farming, cultivation, harvesting, preparation for market, or transportation of such seafood. the inspectors shall prepare a report for the Secretary of Commerce with its findings. list of standardized names will take into account taxonomy, current labeling regulations, international law and custom, market value and naming precedence for all commercially distributed seafood distributed in interstate commerce in the u.s. list of standardized names shall be made available to the public on Department of Health and Human Services websites, shall be open to public review and comment.the term ""applicable laws and regulations"" means Federal statutes, regulations, and international agreements relating to the importation, exportation, transportation, sale, harvest, processing, or trade of seafood. the term ""appropriate federal agencies"" includes the department of health and human services, the federal Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Homeland Security, and the department of agriculture. "
424,"<pad> summarize: 200,000 to 400,000 children born each year in the u.s. are at high risk of adverse effects. mercury levels in their mothers' wombs are high enough to impair neurological development. ecdc says 80% of women in the u.s. of childbearing age have blood mercury levels. the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall establish a national scale mercury monitoring program. for purposes of such program, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall select multiple monitoring sites in ecoregions of the united states. the program under this section shall monitor long-term changes in mercury levels in the air and watershed, including at a portion of such locations that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency determines appropriate, measuring and recording atmospheric mercury speciation and estimates of the dry a Scientific Advisory Committee will be established to advise the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency on the establishment, site selection, and operation of the national mercury monitoring program under this Act. the Scientific Advisory Committee shall consist of scientists who are not employees of the federal government.epa must transmit to congress a report not later than 2 years after enactment of this Act. once every 4 years, such report shall include an assessment of the reduction in mercury deposition rates that must be achieved in order to prevent adverse ecological effects. a total of $1,250,000 has been accumulated in fiscal years 2011 through 2013. a total of $1,250,000 has been accumulated in fiscal year 2011 through 2013. a total of $1,250,000 has been accumulated in fiscal year 2011 through 2013. the term ""ecoregion"" means a large area of land and water. the term ""mercury export"" means the rate of transfer of mercury between ecosystem components. the term ""mercury export"" means the rate of transfer of mercury between ecosystem components."
425,<pad> summarize:......................... a state educational agency may award grants under section 10995C for a fiscal year. the term 'low-income individual' means a state educational agency based in the state. a state educational agency may award grants to local educational agencies based in the state.
426,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. flame fund for catastrophic emergency wildland fire suppression activities. blaze suppression activities are being halted. a spokesman for fema has not commented. fema is urging the fema to take a look at the fema. Cohesive wildland fire management strategy........ Cohesive wildland fire management strategy....... review of certain wildland wildfires to evaluate cost containment. review of certain wildland fire suppression activities to evaluate cost containment. if you are a wildland firefighter you may be able to use a wildland fire suppression tool.reducing risk of wildfires in fire-ready communities. a number of wildfires are reported across the country. a number of wildfires have been reported across the country. a number of wildfires have occurred across the country.the term ""Federal land"" means the federal land assistance, management, and Enhancement Fund established by this section. ""secretary concerned"" means the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture, acting jointly. there is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the Federal Land Assistance, Management, and Enhancement Fund. strategy required by subsection (a) includes elements of strategy. strategy required by subsection (a) includes a system to identify the most cost effective means for allocating fire management budget resources. strategy required by subsection (a) for the forest service.the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct a review using independent panels. each wildfire incident for which the Secretary concerned incurs expenses in excess of $10,000,000. report containing the results of each review conducted under subsection (a)the term ""fire-ready community"" means a community located within a priority area identified pursuant to subsection (b) a cooperative fire agreement articulates the roles and responsibilities for federal, state and local government entities in local wildfire suppression and protection. the enactment of this Act requires a community wildfire protection plan. "
427,"<pad> summarize: congress finds wage rate differentials exist between equivalent jobs segregated by sex, race, and national origin. sex, race, and national origin are common causes of labor disputes. discrimination in hiring and promotion has played a role in maintaining segregated work force. EQUAL PAY FOR EQUIVALENT JOBS is amended by adding at the end the following: (1)(A) no employer having employees subject to any provision of this section shall discriminate, within any establishment in which such employees are employed, between employees on the basis of sex, race, or national origin. no labor organization or its agents representing employees of an employer having employees subject to any provision of this section shall cause or attempt to cause such an employer to section 15(a) (29 USC. 215(a) is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting a semicolon. to discriminate against any individual because such individual has opposed any act or practice made unlawful by section 6(h) or because such individual made a charge, testified, assisted, or participated in any manner in an investigation, proceeding, or hearing to enforce section 6(h).section 16(b) (29 USC. 216(b)) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following. ""any employer who violates subsection (d) or (h) of section 6 shall additionally be liable for such compensatory or punitive damages as may be appropriate,"" the court shall allow expert fees as part of the costs. Section 11c (29 USC. 211(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following. every employer subject to section 6(h) shall preserve such records for such periods of time, and shall make such reports to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission may use the information and data for statistical and research purposes.the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission shall conduct studies and provide information and technical assistance to employers, labor organizations, and the general public. such studies, information, and technical assistance shall be based on and include reference to the objectives of such section to eliminate such discrimination. in order to achieve the objectives of such section, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission shall carry on a continuing program of research, education, and technical assistance including conducting and promoting research.Section 203(a)(1) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 is amended by striking ""subsections (a)(1) and (d) of section 6"" and inserting ""206 (a)(1), (d), and (h) of section 6"". Remedies. Section 413(b) of title 3 is amended by inserting before the period: ""or, in an appropriate case, under section 16(f) of such Act""amendments to this Act take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 1 year after the date of enactment. "
428,"<pad> summarize: Section 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 is amended in subsection (b) in paragraph (5). in subsection (c) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (4). the president shall issue an executive order and such regulations. Section 2301(c)(4) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively. the Secretary shall conduct a global assessment of overseas markets to determine those with the greatest potential for increasing United States exports. the assessment conducted under clause (i) shall take into account recommendations from a represented number of United States exporters. section 207(c) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 USC. 3927(c)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end. Section 603(a) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 USC. 3929(b)) is amended, in the second sentence. "
429,"<pad> summarize: section 201 of the immigration and nationality act is amended by adding at the end the following: Rules for Determining Whether Certain Aliens Are Immediate Relatives. determination of whether an alien satisfies the age requirement in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of section 101(b)(1) shall be made using the age of the alien on the date on which the petition is filed with the Attorney General under section 204. section 203 of the immigration and nationality act is amended by adding at the end: Rules for Determining Whether Certain Aliens Are Children. a determination of whether an alien satisfies the age requirement in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of section 101(b)(1) shall be made using the age of the alien on the date on which an immigrant visa number becomes available for such alien. if the alien has sought to section 208(b)(3) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. a spouse or child of an alien who is granted asylum under this subsection may, if not otherwise eligible for asylum under this subsection, be granted the same status as the alien if accompanying, or following to join, such alien. section 207(c)(2) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. it is striking ""(2)"" and inserting ""(2)(A)"" an unmarried alien who seeks to accompany, or follow to join, a parent granted admission as a refugee under this subsection. if the alien attained 21 years of age after such application was filed.Section 204 of the immigration and nationality act is amended by adding at the end the following: Procedures for unmarried sons and daughters of citizens. if a petition under this section initially filed for an alien unmarried son or daughter's classification as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)(B), such petition shall be converted to a petition to classify the unmarried unmarried son or daughter as Section 204(a)(1)(D) of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. Nothing in the amendments made by the Child Status Protection Act shall be construed to limit or deny any right or benefit provided under this subparagraph.amendments made by this Act will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply to any alien who is a derivative beneficiary or any other beneficiary of a petition for classification under section 204 of the Immigration and Nationality Act approved before such date. a petition for classification under section 204 pending on or after such date. or an application pending before the Department of Justice or the Department of State on or after such date."
430,"<pad> summarize: Section 104 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended. it applies with respect to plan years beginning after December 31, 2013. the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to plan years beginning after December 31, 2013."
431,"<pad> summarize: wolves have been subjected to widespread persecution and targeted by predator eradication programs. the endangered Species Act of 1973 finally protected wolves as endangered species. reintroduction would serve the public interest by helping to ensure the survival of that subspecies. the Secretary shall begin releasing Eastern Timber Wolves on land acquired under section 5. or the date on which the Secretary has obtained land under section 5 for that release. if enactment of this Act is passed, it will begin releasing them. lands and interests acquired under this section shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. lands and interests acquired under this section shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. lands and interests acquired under this section shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. 6 months after release of Eastern Timber Wolves under this Act, the Secretary shall designate areas in new york that as critical habitat of the Eastern Timber Wolf for purposes of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. a designated area is designated as critical habitat of the Eastern Timber Wolves for purposes of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. the term ""Eastern Timber Wolf"" means members of the subspecies Canis lupus lycaon. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""PET Wolf Fund"" means the separate account known as the Protecting Eastern Timber Wolf Restoration Mitigation Fund. "
432,"<pad> summarize: Congress reaffirmed this right in the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993. it prohibits the Federal Government from imposing a substantial burden on the free exercise of religion unless it demonstrates that a compelling government interest is achieved by the least restrictive means. many people immigrated to America to escape persecution for their refusal to participate in warfare. during and since the Second World War thousands of conscientious objectors have sought alternative service. ""designated conscientious Objector"" means a taxpayer who is opposed to participation in war in any form based upon the taxpayer's sincerely held moral, ethical, or religious beliefs or training. for purposes of this Act, the term ""military purpose"" means any activity or program which effects an augmentation of military forces or of defensive and offensive intelligence activities.the secretary of the Treasury establishes an account in the Treasury of the united states. the method of deposit shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury in a manner that minimizes the cost to the Treasury and does not impose an undue burden on such taxpayers."
433,"<pad> summarize: AUTHORITY OF COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION TO ISSUE NO ACTION LETTERS is amended by adding at the end the following. the Commission may not issue a no action letter to any foreign board of trade that lists a contract the price of which settles on the price of a contract traded on an exchange regulated by the Commission. Section 2(a)(7) of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended by adding at the end: Additional employees. as soon as practicable after the date of enactment this subparagraph, the Commission shall appoint at least 100 full-time employees to assist in carrying out section 4a(a)(2). speculative position limits apply to positions held or controlled by a person based on the value of 1 or more qualifying commodities. if a position exceeds the applicable speculative position limit established by the Commission under subparagraph (i)(i)(I), the Commission shall establish the speculative position limits for qualifying commodities. if a position exceeds the applicable speculative position limit established by the Commission under subpara"
434,"<pad> summarize: effective 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall not issue any insurance, guaranties, or reinsurance, make any loan, or acquire any securities, under section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall, effective upon the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act the repeal made by section 2(d) of the provisions of law set forth in such section shall not affect any order, determination, regulation, or contract that has been issued, made, or allowed to become effective under such provisions before the effective date of the repeal. all such orders, determinations, regulations, and contracts shall continue in effect until modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by the President, the Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking. Section 5316 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking. Section 222(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended. Section 481(b)(4)(A) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (22 USC. 4721(b)(9)) is amended by striking."
435,"<pad> summarize:......................... discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority and women businesses seeking to do business in federally assisted surface transportation-related markets. congress has reviewed compelling evidence of discrimination against minority and women business owners throughout the transportation sector. the term ""disadvantaged business enterprise"" means a small business concern owned by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals."
436,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of commerce shall propose a regulation to establish a procedure under which the manufacturer of a product may voluntarily register such product as complying with the definition of ""Made in America"" if the Secretary determines based on the comments on the regulation proposed under subsection (a) that the toll-free number pilot program is warranted, the Secretary shall promulgate such regulation. any manufacturer of a product who registers a product under section 2 is not ""Made in America"" will be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $7500. the secretary of commerce may assess and collect such penalty. term ""Made in America"" means product with a retail value of at least $250. ""product"" means a product with a retail value of at least $250. ""product"" means a product with a retail value of at least $250.""Made in America"" claims in labels on products introduced, delivered for introduction, sold, advertised, or offered for sale in commerce. ""Made in America"" claims in labels on products introduced, delivered for introduction, sold, advertised, or offered for sale in commerce."
437,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE: it is the purpose of this Act to reduce rates of preterm labor and delivery. work toward evidence-based standard of care for pregnant women at risk of preterm labor or other serious complications, and for infants born preterm and at a low birthweight.Section 301 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end: The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with respect to preterm labor and delivery and infant mortality. part P of title III of the public health service Act is amended by redesignating section 399O as section 399P. the Secretary may conduct demonstration projects for the purpose of improving information on prematurity to health professionals and other health care providers and the public and improving the treatment and outcomes for babies born preterm. activities to be carried out under the demonstration project under subsection (a) may include the establishment of programs to test and evaluate various strategies to provide information and education INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COUNCIL ON PREMATURITY AND LOW BIRTHWEIGHT aims to stimulate multidisciplinary research, scientific exchange, and collaboration among agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services. the Council shall be composed of members to be appointed by the Secretary, including representatives of the agencies of the Department of health and human services. conference on preterm birth will take place 1 year after date of enactment of this Act. purpose is to increase awareness of preterm birth as a serious, common, and costly public health problem in the u.s. Section 1310.12(a) of title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations shall not be effective until June 30, 2007 or 60 days after the date of the enactment of a statute that authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2007 to carry out the Head Start Act whichever date is earlier."
438,"<pad> summarize: significant quantities of rare earths are used in the production of clean energy technologies. advanced automotive propulsion batteries, electric motors, high-efficiency light bulbs, solar panels, and wind turbines are used. many modern defense technologies such as radar and sonar systems cannot be built without the use of rare earths and materials produced from them.Task force to be known as ""Rare Earth Policy Task Force"" will report to the president through the Secretary of the Interior. Task Force will assist Federal agencies in reviewing laws and policies that discourage investment in, exploration for, and development of domestic rare earths. the secretary of the Interior shall prepare and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application. the plan shall include a description of the research and development activities to be carried out under the plan during the subsequent 2 years. the plan will promote the broadest possible participation by academic, industrial, and other contributors."
439,"<pad> summarize: section 274(a)(1)(B)(iv) is amended by striking ""punished by death or"" a federal prisoner may be sentenced to death if convicted. a federal prisoner may be sentenced to death if convicted. no person may be sentenced to death or put to death on or after the date of enactment of this Act for any violation of federal law. a person sentenced to death before the date of enactment shall serve a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole."
440,"<pad> summarize: amendment or repeal of section or other provision may be made. reference may be made to a section or other provision of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act. if amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment or repeal of a section or other provision, reference shall be considered to be made.Section 2 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Antimicrobial pesticide. the term 'antimicrobial pesticide' means a pesticide intended to disinfect, sanitize, reduce, or mitigate growth or development of microbiological organisms. registrant of an antimicrobial pesticide may make or alter other label or labeling statements or amendments that are truthful and not misleading."
441,"<pad> summarize: the term ""agency"" has the meaning given under section 551 of title 5, united states code. the term ""participant"" has the meaning given under section 551(4) of title 5, United States Code. the term ""rulemaking"" has the meaning given under section 551(5) of title 5, United States Code. this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take effect on july 1, 2015. "
442,"<pad> summarize: the unmet health needs of American Indians and Alaska Natives are severe. the health status of American Indians and Alaska Natives is far below that of the general population of the united states. available PurchasedReferred Care funds have been insufficient to ensure access to care. Section 1866(a)(1)(U) of the Social Security Act is amended. Section 1834 of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act"" the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to Medicare participation agreements in effect on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. there shall be no reduction, offset, or limitation."
443,"<pad> summarize: public Law 87-590 authorized the Fryingpan-Arkansas Project. it authorizes construction of the Arkansas Valley Conduit. it would provide the communities of southeast Colorado with safe, clean, and affordable water. the lead non-Federal entity shall act as the official agent of the Arkansas Valley Conduit. if the actual costs of construction exceed the estimated costs, the difference between the actual costs and the estimated costs shall be apportioned in accordance with subsection (e)(2)(C). if the actual costs of construction exceed the estimated costs, the difference between the actual costs and the estimated costs shall be apportioned in accordance with subsection AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. amounts made available under subsection (a) shall not be used for the operation or maintenance of the Arkansas Valley Conduit. amounts made available under subsection (a) shall not be used for the operation or maintenance of the Conduit."
444,"<pad> summarize: section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 is amended by adding at the end the following. additional support for low-income elderly persons displaced by hurricanes Katrina and Rita. if appropriated under subsection (m) for fiscal year 2009 there is authorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 to the Secretary to provide assistance to private nonprofit organizations and consumer cooperatives to expand the supply of supportive housing. ADDITIONAL SUPPORT for LOW-INCOME Persons with Disabilities Displaced by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. if appropriated under subsection (m) for fiscal year 2009 there is authorized to be appropriated $75,000,000 to the Secretary to provide assistance to private, nonprofit organizations to expand the supply of supportive housing for persons with disabilities. there is authorized to be appropriated for the redevelopment of housing authorized under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 which was damaged or destroyed as a result of hurricane Katrina of 2005. $2,500,000 to the City of New Orleans and $1,500,000 to the Parish of St. Bernard. Section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 is further amended by adding at the end: Approval of Rent Increases. in general. the Secretary shall annually adjust the rent levels on a budget-based basis of eligible projects to support the increased cost of operating or rehabilitating such projects. Definitions. As used in this section the term 'eligible project' means a project that is assisted under subsection (c)(2), and located in the term ""covered assisted multifamily housing project"" has the same meaning as in section 215(c)(3) of title II of division K of Public Law 110-161. the term ""receiving project or projects"" has the same meaning as in section 215(c)(3) of title II of division K of Public Law 110-161.enactment of this Act is 90 days after the date of enactment. a written disaster response plan for federally assisted properties will be developed. submit such plan to the committee on banking, housing, and financial services of the house of representatives. "
445,"<pad> summarize: a quadrennial veterans review is being conducted by a panel. the panel shall review the strategy for meeting the commitment of the United States to veterans. the panel shall conduct a review of the strategy for meeting the commitment of the nation.a new section is added after the item relating to section 322 of title 38, United States Code. the Chief Strategy Officer shall advise the Secretary on long-range strategy and implications. the Chief Strategy Officer shall carry out responsibilities: Conducting cost estimation and cost analysis. no additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Department of Veterans Affairs. passed the house of representatives March 24, 2015."
446,"<pad> summarize: Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment may waive bonding requirement. if a military construction privatization initiative project enters into default, the Secretary concerned may waive the bonding requirement. if a project owner, developer, or general contractor is unable, within 60 days after receiving a cure notice."
447,"<pad> summarize: the term ""claims agreement"" means an international agreement between the United States and Libya. the term ""national of the United States"" has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1101(a)(22)), (4) the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of State.SENSE OF CONGRESS supports the president in his efforts to provide fair compensation to all nationals of the united states who have terrorism-related claims against Libya. a comprehensive settlement of claims by such nationals against Libya pursuant to an international agreement between the united states and the united states is part of the process of restoring normal relations.the designation of an entity under paragraph (1) is within the sole discretion of the Secretary, and may not be delegated. the designation shall not be subject to judicial review. immunity shall be in addition to any other applicable immunity.certification described in this paragraph is a certification by the Secretary to the appropriate congressional committees. the certification by the Secretary referred to in subsection (a)(2) may not be delegated, and shall not be subject to judicial review. a certification by the Secretary referred to in subsection (a)(2) may not be delegated, and shall not be subject to judicial review."
448,"<pad> summarize: president affirmed that participation in the multinational military Implementation Force in the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina would terminate in about a year. he declared the expiration date of the mandate for the Implementation Force to be December 20, 1996. the president did not request authorization by the Congress of a policy that would result in the further deployment of United States Armed Forces in the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina until March 1997.a limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to the extent necessary for US ground forces to protect themselves as the drawdowns outlined in sub-paragraph (1) proceeds. the limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to the extent necessary for US ground forces to protect themselves as the drawdowns outlined in sub-paragraph (1) proceeds. the limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to the extent necessary for US ground forces to protect themselves. not later than December 1, 1998, the President shall submit to Congress a report on progress towards meeting the drawdown limit established in section 2(a). the report under paragraph (a) shall include an identification of the specific steps taken by the United States Government to transfer the United States portion of the peacekeeping mission in the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina to European allied nations or organizations. "
449,"<pad> summarize: a person must submit an application to participate in the Loan Repayment Program. he must submit a written contract to participate in the Loan Repayment Program. he may contract with an individual's loan provider, for the payment. he must pay off debts incurred during the course of the study or program."
450,"<pad> summarize: the administrator of the environmental protection agency shall conduct a study to determine the causes of recent algal blooms off the northwestern coast of Maui, Hawaii. and research alternatives for the improved management of chemicals present in wastewater treatment and fresh water runoff sediments in the study area. in carrying out the study under this section, the Administrator is authorized to acquire such monitoring and testing equipment as the Administrator determines necessary."
451,"<pad> summarize: subtitle A of the Sex Offender Notification and Registration Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 132. EMPLOYMENT RESTRICTIONS FOR REGISTERED SEX OFFENDERS. in general. each jurisdiction shall prohibit any sex offender registered with the jurisdiction under section 113 from accepting a position of employment. the term ""minor"" has the meaning given the term in section 534 of title 28, United States Code. the term ""minor"" has the meaning given the term in section 534 of title 28, united states code. sex offender registration tips and support program established under subsection (b) provide a forum for an individual to submit an anonymous or confidential tip regarding any sex offender required to be registered. the director of the Office of Management and Budget coordinates with the head of each Executive agency. the director of the office of management and budget will determine which Government publications could be made available on Government Web sites and no longer printed. a strategy to reduce overall Government printing costs by not less than a total of $15,000,000 over the 5-year period beginning with fiscal year 2011. the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act will not be affected. if any provision of this Act or any amendment made by this Act is unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not be affected. "
452,<pad> summarize:.........................Section 148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: Special Rule for delinquent tax bond requirements. a bond which meets the requirements of paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an arbitrage bond.
453,"<pad> summarize: 'applicable percentage' means in the case of a taxpayer whose adjusted gross income for the taxable year is not greater than the minimum amount. the term'minimum amount' means, with respect to any taxable year, $45,000 increased by an amount equal to $45,000 multiplied by the cost-of-living adjustment for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. if any amount determined under clause (ii) or the secretary of health and human services shall issue a report to the Congress within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. the report required in subsection (a) shall propose a regulatory program which provides for the application of minimum standards and requirements with respect to long-term care insurance policies. it should analyze and evaluate the various catastrophic and long-term care insurance policies available to individuals.amendment made by section 2 shall apply to amounts paid or distributed after the 1st day of the 1st calendar year which begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment will apply. to amounts paid or distributed after the 1st day of the 1st calendar year which begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
454,"<pad> summarize: transit mixed concrete Corporation holds two valid federal leases for the extraction of sand and gravel from the federal mineral estate in lands located in Soledad Canyon. such lands contain approximately 56 million tons of sand and gravel under the terms of the leases. it is in the best interest of the citizens of California and the federal government to cancel those leases and make available new leases. the term ""secretary"" means the secretary of the interior. the term ""tMC"" means the transit mixed concrete corporation. the term ""historical production levels"" means production of 300,000 tons of aggregate.the Secretary shall cancel Bureau of Land Management leases CA-20139 and CA-22901 effective on the date of the enactment of this Act. the economic value invested is an amount equal to the sum of the sum of the following: all amounts paid to the United States with respect to the leases as bonus bids or other prepayments. amounts expended by TMC in securing the leases and trying to bring them into production, the Secretary may not issue any lease for mining sand and gravel in the Soledad Canyon area of California. sand and gravel in the area exceeds the historical production level. sand and gravel in soledad canyon area of california are permitted to be mined. sand and gravel in soledad canyon area of california may not be mined."
455,"<pad> summarize: a $1,000,000,000 investment in summer and year-round employment for youth can create up to 1,000,000 jobs for economically disadvantaged youth. john avlon: every $1 a youth earns has an accelerator effect of $3 on the local economy. avlon: youth jobs programs benefit both youth and communities when designed around principles that promote mutually beneficial programs."
456,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall implement covered training curricula and covered certification programs. not later than September 30 of the fiscal year following the fiscal year during which this Act is enacted, the Secretary shall use as models existing training curricula and certification programs established under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, as determined relevant by the Secretary. the Secretary may develop the training curricula under paragraph (1) in a manner that provides such training in any combination of training the Secretary shall develop a plan to reduce duplication and increase efficiencies. the plan seeks to place procurement employees and logistics employees in close geographic proximity to the other employees of the Department. the plan may not achieve cost savings through demotions, furloughs or liquidations, as defined in part 351 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations.""covered certification programs"" means with respect to logistics employees. the term ""covered training curricula"" includes a training curriculum relating to construction or facilities management. the term ""logistics employee"" includes supply chain management. "
457,"<pad> summarize: Title 4 is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter. the table of chapters for title 4 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a new item is ""6. Language of the Government......................... 161""Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is repealed. the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is repealed. voting rights are restricted to voting rights. a reauthorization and amendments Act of 2006 is amended. section 337(d) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence. all public ceremonies in which the oath of allegiance is administered pursuant to this section shall be conducted solely in the English language. this Act shall not preempt any law of any state.. this Act shall not preempt any law of any state... this Act shall not preempt any law of any state... "
458,"<pad> summarize: smuggling of cash, other monetary instruments, or tangible mechanisms may be forfeited. a person convicted of currency smuggling under section 5313, 5316, 5316A or 5324. a person convicted of currency smuggling under section 5313, 5316, 5316A or 5324 may be imprisoned."
459,"<pad> summarize: the Corps of Engineers investigated the Columbia River and its tributaries. they found that the grand Coulee Dam project could be produced at low cost. under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act, licensees must pay Indian tribes for the use of reservation lands. the purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe on a basis proportionate to the compensation provided to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation for the damages and losses suffered as a result of construction and operation of the Grand Coulee Dam project. a sum equal to 39.4 percent of the annual payment authorized to be paid to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation. enactment of this Act and appropriation of funds is established in the Treasury. a sum equal to 39.4 percent of the annual payment authorized to be paid.the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer all or any portion of the settlement funds described in section 4(a) to the Spokane Business Council not later than 60 days after such Secretary receives written notice of the adoption by the Spokane Business Council requesting that such Secretary execute the transfer of such funds if not all of the funds are requested at one time. twenty-five percent of the settlement funds described in section 4(a) and (b) shall be reserved by a percentage of the payment made to the Spokane Tribe is deducted from the interest payable to the Secretary of the Treasury. the actual percentage of such deduction shall be calculated and adjusted to ensure that the Bonneville Power Administration receives a deduction comparable to that which it receives for payments made to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation pursuant to the Confederated Tribes Act. each deduction made under this section shall be credited payment under section 4 shall constitute full payment and satisfaction of the Spokane Tribe's claim to a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project from 1940 through the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year during which this Act is enacted. the Spokane Tribe's proportional entitlement of hydropower revenues based on the lump sum payment for damages from 1940 through 1994.""Confederated Tribes Act"" means the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation Grand Coulee Dam Settlement Act. the term ""Fund Account"" means the Spokane Tribe of Indians Settlement Fund Account established under section 4(a). there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. if necessary, the sums may be appropriated. if necessary. if appropriated.."
460,"<pad> summarize: 87 per cent of capital flowing to the developing world comes from the private sector. 87 per cent of capital flowing to the developing world comes from the private sector. a number of development success stories in the last 50 years demonstrate how private sector investment and economic growth are fundamental to lifting people out of poverty.the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. the term ""private sector"" means for- profit United States businesses. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of State. PURPOSE aims to maximize the impact of United States development programs. integrating private sector input into United States development agencies planning and programming processes. institutionalizing analyses of constraints to growth and investment throughout United States development agencies planning and programming processes. INTERAGENCY MECHANISM TO COORDINATE UNITED STATES DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS AND PRIVATE SECTOR INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES. a primary mechanism to assist the private sector in coordinating United States development programs with private sector investment activities. the mechanism established under subsection (a) shall streamline and integrate the various private sector liaison functions of United States development agencies. the Secretary and the Administrator shall direct policy and country teams to include private sector consultation in all country, sector, and global development strategies. they shall include integrated country strategies, regional and functional strategies, country development cooperation strategies, mission strategic resource plans, and global development strategies. constraints to growth and investment analyses are available and integrated as a component of all appropriate country, region, and sector development strategies. the analysis required under subsection shall include, at a minimum, an identification and analysis of constraints posed by inadequacies of critical infrastructure, rule of law, tax and investment codes, and customs and regulatory regimes of recipient countries, as appropriate. enactment of this Act is enacted by the president a year ago. he will transmit to the committee on foreign relations and the committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report describing the specific measures that have been taken to implement this Act."
461,"<pad> summarize: Section 317(j)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 247b(j)(2) is amended in the first sentence by striking ""and"" after ""1991,"", (B) by inserting before the period the following: "", $300,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 through 1998"" grants made pursuant to subparagraph (B), are authorized to be appropriated for such Section 446 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the director of the Institute shall conduct or support research and research training regarding the cause, diagnosis, early detection, prevention, control, and treatment of tuberculosis. the authorization of appropriations established in the preceding sentence may not be construed as terminating the availability for such purpose of any other authorization of appropriations. section 1610 of the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: (1). the amount of any grant under paragraph (1) may not exceed 80 percent of the cost of the project for which the grant is made unless the project is located in an area determined by the Secretary to be an urban or rural poverty area.Section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subclause (X), by adding ""or"" at the end of subclause (X), and by adding ""or"" at the end of subclause (X), and by adding ""or"" at the end of subclause (X), and by adding ""or"" at the end of subclause (X), and by adding """
462,"<pad> summarize: the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops and the 3133d Signal Service Company were top-secret units of the United States Army that served in Europe during World War II. congress finds that the deceptive activities were integral to several Allied victories across Europe and reduced casualties. many Ghost Army soldiers were citizen-soldiers recruited from art schools, advertising agencies, communications companies, and other creative and technical professions. the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops, the gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it shall be available for display as appropriate and made available for research. the medal will be awarded to the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops and the 3133d Signal Services Company. under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicate medals in bronze.the gold medal struck under this Act shall be a national medal for the purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, Unites States Code. for purpose of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. "
463,"<pad> summarize: the CGSC is the nation's largest and oldest military staff college. the foundation is dedicated to promoting excellence in the faculty and students. he says the CGSC is based in the u.s. and is based in the united states.not more than 100,000 $5 coins, which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. not more than 500,000 $1 coins, which shall weigh 26.73 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. not more than 750,000 half dollar coins, which shall weigh 11.34 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches. all coins minted under this Act shall be considered to be design of the coins minted under this Act shall include portraits of generals. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary. inscriptions of the words ""Liberty"", ""In God We Trust"" and ""E Pluribus Unum""quality of coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. at least 1 facility shall be used to strike the uncirculated quality coins. minted under this Act may be issued only during the 1-year period beginning on January 1, 2013. sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. all sales of coins minted under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows. a surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. a surcharge of $10 per coin for the half dollar coin. "
464,"<pad> summarize: grantee may make a grant to a nongovernmental farming association that promotes community-based farming or a qualified farmer to provide technical, advisory, and other assistance. the amount of a grant under this section shall not exceed $25,000. the grantee shall provide technical and advisory assistance to participating farmers who enter into a lease or receive a loan guarantee from a municipality pursuant to section 1 or conduct training sessions on subjects relevant to starting, operating the secretary of agriculture may make a one-time grant to provide start-up funding to an agricultural producer who must diversify the agricultural operations of the producer in order to participate in a community-supported agricultural project. limits on authorization of Appropriations are authorized to be appropriated not more than $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2014. the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide marketing assistance to a participating farmer who has received a lease or loan guarantee under section 1 that hasn't been terminated. the farmer will marketing to community institutions, including schools, child care centers, and senior centers.""community-supported agricultural project"" means a contract under which a group of consumers is obligated to purchase a specified amount of one or more agricultural products directly from one or more agricultural producers during a specific period. the term ""farm vendor"" means a farmer, a member of the family of a farmer, or an employee of a farmer. the term ""livestock"" means cattle, bison, deer, swin the secretary of agriculture shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act. he shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act. he shall prescribe such regulations if necessary. "
465,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. repeal of employer health insurance mandate. employer health insurance mandate re-election................repeal of excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage. excise tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage. re-explanet of excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage.over-the-counter drug limitation. reversal of over-the-counter drug limitation. a reversal of over-the-counter drug limitation. a reversal of over-the-counter drug limitation.increase in medical expense threshold. reversal of increase in medical expense threshold. reversal of increase in medical expense threshold. reversal of increase in medical expense threshold. reversal of increase in medical expense threshold. limitation on health flexible spending arrangements under cafeteria plans. re-introduction of limitation on health flexible spending arrangements. cafeteria plans re-introduce limit on health flexible spending arrangements... repeal of annual fee on health insurance providers. annual fee on health insurance providers. annual fee on health insurance providers refunded yearly fee. annual fee on health insurance providers refunded yearly fee.. repeal of annual fee on branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers. annual fee on branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers. branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers refunded yearly fee. branded prescription pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers. repeal of excise tax on medical device manufacturers. medical device manufacturers have re-expedited a tax on medical device manufacturers. a re-expedition tax on medical device manufacturers is imposed.repeal of tax on indoor tanning services. tax on indoor tanning services. tax on indoor tanning services.... tax on indoor tanning services..... PCORTF repeal and fees imposed on insured and self-insured health plans. a repeal of PCORTF and fees imposed on insured and self-insured health plans..a tax increase on non-qualified distributions from HSAs and Archer MSAs is in effect. a tax increase on non-qualified distributions is in effect. a tax increase is expected to be imposed on non-qualified distributions. repeal of tobacco product excise tax increase. tobacco product excise tax increase............... section 6724(d)(1) of such Code is amended by striking section 6056. paragraph (2) of section 6724(d) of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to section 4980H. Section 1513 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by striking subsection (c)Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I relating to section 4980I. the table of sections for chapter 43 of such Code is amended by striking section 4980I relating to section 4980I.ira reimbursement Arrangements and Health Reimbursement Arrangements are amended by striking subsection (f) the amendment made by subsection (a) and (b) shall apply to expenses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to expenses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact Section 9013 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed. the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied and administered as if such section and amendments had never been enacted. if such section and amendments had never been enacted such section and amendments had never been enacted. Section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (i) and by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively. section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is hereby abrogated. a repealed section of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is hereby repealed. a repealed section is hereby repealed.section 9008 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care is repealed for calendar years beginning after 2011. a repealed section 9008 is effective for calendar years beginning after 2011. if repealed, section 9008 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will apply.subchapter E of chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is hereby repealed. paragraph (2) of section 6416(b) of such Code is amended by striking the last sentence relating to subchapter E. the table of subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is hereby repealed. iraq's tanned services are hereby repealed. iraq's tanned services are hereby repealed. iraq's tanned services are hereby repealed. iraq's tanned services are hereby repealed. Section 9511 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is hereby repealed. insured and self-insured health plans Fee. Subchapter B of chapter 34 of such Code is hereby repealed. ARCHER MSAS DISTRIBUTIONS FROM HSAS AND ARCHER MSAS. a copy of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""20 percent"" and inserting ""10 percent"" the amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act.a provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 amended by section 701 of the Children's Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 is amended as such provision would read if such section had never been enacted. if such provision had never been enacted, there shall be credited or refunded to the person who paid such tax an amount equal to the excess of the tax paid by the taxpayer."
466,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (4) is redesigned as paragraph (6). a consumer credit reporting agency has assumed a dominant role in evaluating consumer credit and other information on consumers. the automated calculation of credit scores has become the primary way of quickly evaluating all of the subjective factors taken into account in determining a consumer's creditworthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, debts, character, general reputation, or mode of living. Section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Credit Score, Risk Predictor, and Risk Score. the terms <unk> credit score', <unk> risk predictor', and <unk> risk score' mean the numerical value or categorization derived from a statistical tool or modeling system used to predict the likelihood of certain credit behaviors, including default.Section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act is amended by striking ""or insurance"" Section 604(c) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC. 1681b(c)) is amended by striking ""or insurance"" Section 604(c) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC. 1681b(c)) is amended by striking ""or insurance"" a consumer reporting agency shall disclose to the consumer the following information. a consumer reporting agency shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 609 without charge. a consumer reporting agency shall make all disclosures pursuant to section 609 without charge. if a consumer certifies that the consumer is unemployed and intends to apply for employment.the amendments to this Act will take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. "
467,<pad> summarize: veteran identification cards are issued to veterans who have either completed statutory time-in-service requirement for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a medical-related discharge from the Armed Forces. a general purpose veteran identification card made available to a veteran who does not meet the criteria described in paragraph (1) would be useful in order to demonstrate the status of the veteran without having to carry and use official DD-214 discharge papers. the department of Veterans
468,"<pad> summarize: Section 149(b) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding ""or thereafter"" after ""1994"" priority for projects with long-term sustainable air quality benefits, including energy efficiency. authorization of Appropriations authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund $1,300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 1998, 1999, 2000, 2000, 2001, 2002, and 2003. Sense of Congress: appropriations from the Highway Trust Fund section 103(i) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following definitions. the term 'facility' has the meaning such term has under section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980. the term 'brownfield site' means a parcel of land that contains or contained abandoned or underused commercial, industrial, or public facility. Chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""162. Wetlands restoration program Establishment. The Secretary shall establish a wetlands restoration program under which the Secretary may make grants to States for projects to mitigate against losses of wetlands that have occurred as a result of federal-aid highway construction projects carried out before the date of the enactment of this section.section 133(d) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end: For mitigation of water pollution. 1 percent of funds apportioned to a State under section 104(b)(3) shall only be available for monitoring, mitigating, and cleaning up water pollution due to highway runoff. the secretary may make grants to up to 10 metropolitan planning organizations designated under section 134 for implementing alternative transportation strategies to achieve reductions in motor vehicle emissions. amount of grants shall remain available until expended. a state may obligate amounts from grants received under paragraph (1) for projects eligible for funding under section 149."
469,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds rapid advancements in assistive technology continue to provide important new tools to help individuals with disabilities to become more independent and participate in activities related to home, school, work, and community. information relating to assistive technology devices is often difficult to find and inconsistent. Title II of the Technology-Related Assistance for Individuals With Disabilities Act of 1988 is amended by redesignating subtitle C as subtitle D, (2) by redesignating section 221 as section 231 as section 231. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNET SITE. the national public Internet site described in subsection (a) shall contain the following features."
470,"<pad> summarize: there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 1995 $395,000,000 for the major medical facility projects authorized in subsections (a) and (b) of section 1. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 1995 $395,000,000 for the major medical facility projects authorized in subsections (a) and (b) of section 1. reorganization described in subsection (b) of title 38, United States Code. reorganization required by earthquake damage in 1994. reorganization at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Sepulveda, California."
471,"<pad> summarize: a 'covered foreign commodity' is referred to in section 102(7) of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978. the term 'agricultural trade program' means an export promotion, export credit, export credit guarantee, export bonus, or other export or international food aid program carried out through, or administered by, the Commodity Credit Corporation. a person who knowingly violates any requirement prescribed to carry out this section is punishable by a civil this Act and the amendment made by this Act shall become effective 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. this Act and the amendment made by this Act shall become effective 120 days after the date of enactment. "
472,"<pad> summarize: Section 410A of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 5-Year Extension of Demonstration Program. in general, the Secretary shall conduct the demonstration program under this section for an additional 5-year period that begins immediately following the last day of the initial 5-year period under subsection (a)(5). during the 5-year extension period, not more than 30 rural community hospitals may"
473,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 13 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1310 the following new item relating to section 1311 Continuing appropriations. if any regular appropriation bill for a fiscal year does not become law prior to the beginning of such fiscal year or a joint resolution making continuing appropriations for such preceding fiscal year, then in a joint resolution making continuing appropriations for such preceding fiscal year. amendments to this Act apply to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 1998. the amendments will apply with respect to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 1998. the amendments will apply with respect to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 1998."
474,"<pad> summarize: fina financial institutions regulatory agency shall provide final examination report to financial institution. exit interview may occur not later than the end of 9-month period beginning on commencement of examination. if a financial institution is not subject to a resident examiner program, the exit interview shall occur not later than the end.the federal financial institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 is further amended. a modified or restructured commercial loan shall not be placed in non-accrual status unless the borrower demonstrates the ability to perform on such loan over a maximum period of 6 months. a modified or restructured commercial loan shall be removed from non-accrual status.the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 is further amended. Section 1003 of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end, (2) in paragraph (3), by adding ""and"" at the end, (2) in paragraph (3). the federal financial institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 is amended by adding after section 1014 the following. a financial institution seeking an appeal under this section shall file a written notice with the Ombudsman within 60 days after receiving the final report or examination that is the subject of such appeal. a decision by the Ombudsman on an appeal under this section shall be made not later than 60 days after the record has been closed. if a hearing is section 309 of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended in subsection (a), by inserting after ""appropriate Federal banking agency"" ""the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,"" in subsection (b) in subsection (b) in subsection (b) in subsection (b), by striking ""and"" at the end. section 1003(1) is amended by inserting ""the Office of Thrift Supervision,"" in section 1005. "
475,"<pad> summarize: since January 1, 1998, employees have been permitted to be owners of subchapter S corporations through an employee stock ownership plan pursuant to Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996. congress designed incentives to encourage businesses to become ESOP-owned S corporations. estimates show that 40 percent of working Americans have no formal retirement account at all.iraq's deferral of TAX for CERTAIN SALES OF EMPLOYER STOCK is amended by striking ""domestic C corporation"" and inserting ""domestic corporation"" effective date. amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to sales after the date of enactment of this Act. 'securities acquisition loan' shall include any loan to an employee stock ownership plan. a plan must hold more than 50 percent of the outstanding stock of the S corporation. clause (i) shall not apply to any period during which the employee stock ownership plan does not own stock meeting the requirements of subparagraph (A)if employer securities are transferred by gift by the decedent to an employee stock ownership plan sponsored by an S corporation, they are transferred to such a plan by reason of the decedent's death under the decedent's will or a trust created by the decedent. the executor of the estate of the decedent is relieved of liability for payment of that portion of the tax imposed by section 2001 with respect to the taxable estate of the decedent 'qualified employer securities' means employer securities which are includible in the gross estate of the decedent. the term 'employer securities' has the meaning given such term by section 409(1). 'employee stock ownership plan' means a plan described in section 4975(e)(7). 'employee stock ownership plan' means a plan described in section 4975(e)(7) the Secretary of Labor shall establish the S Corporation Employee Ownership Assistance Office to foster increased employee ownership of S corporations. the Office shall provide education and outreach to inform people about the possibilities and benefits of employee ownership of S corporations. the office will provide technical assistance to assist S corporations to sponsor employee stock ownership plans. "
476,"<pad> summarize: administrator or assistant secretary of commerce for communications and information returns amount equivalent to any award made under the Broadband Initiatives Program or the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program. award recipient may return the amount to the Administrator or Assistant Secretary if such award has been disclaimed by the award recipient at any time. the administrator or the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information receives information from an official described in subsection (b) if an official receives information from an official described in subsection (b) if such information pertains to material noncompliance with award terms or provisions or improper use of award funds, the Administrator or the Assistant Secretary shall immediately review such information. not later than 30 days after receiving such information, determine whether cause exists to terminate such award under section 1( Section 6001(i)(4) of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (47 USC. 1305(i)(4)) is amended by striking ""may"" and inserting ""shall"" and striking ""may"", and award these funds competitively to new or existing applicants consistent with this section""AWARD DEFINED in this Act. the term ""award"" includes grants and loans. the term ""award"" includes grants and loans. a grant is based on a grant. a grant is based on a grant. "
477,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 2105(g)(1)(A) of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""a State, that, on"" and inserting ""all or any portion of any allotment made to the State under section 2104 for a fiscal year. no reduction in medicaid or schip income eligibility"" since January 1, 2001, the State has not reduced the income, assets, or resource requirements for eligibility under title XIX."
478,"<pad> summarize:......................... no lobbyist who is registered under section 4 may provide any gift unless the lobbyist is related to the Member, Senator, officer, or employee. the term ""gift"" means any gratuity, favor, discount, entertainment, hospitality, loan, forbearance, or other item having monetary value. the term includes gifts of services, training, transportation, lodging, and meals, whether provided in kind, by purchase of a ticket, payment in advance, or"
479,"<pad> summarize: ""accessible route"" means continuous unobstructed path negotiated by a person with a disability using a wheelchair. the term ""covered dwelling unit"" includes one or more individuals, corporations, partnerships, associations, labor organizations, labor organizations, legal representatives, mutual corporations, joint-stock companies, trusts.VISITABILITY REQUIREMENT applies to a covered dwelling unit. it is unlawful for any person referred to in section 2(2)(C) to fail to ensure that such dwelling unit contains at least one level that complies with the following requirements. if the finished grade is too steep to provide a path having an unobstructed opening of at least 32 inches when the door is open at a 90-degree angle.a federal financial assistance application must be submitted to the federal agency responsible for such assistance. if the court finds that a violation of this title has occurred or is about to occur, it may grant as relief if the court finds appropriate a permanent or temporary injunction, temporary restraining order, or other order. relief granted under this section shall not affect any contract, sale, encumbrance, or lease consummated before the granting this Act does not invalidate or limit any law of a State or political subdivision of a State. any law of a State, a political subdivision thereof or other such jurisdiction that purports to require or permit any action that would violate this Act shall to that extent be invalid. DISCLAIMER OF PREEMPTIVE EFFECT ON OTHER ACTS. Nothing in this Act shall limit any right, procedure, or remedy available under the Constitution or any other Act of the Congress. if you have any questions, please contact us on 08457 90 90 90 or visit us on 08457 90 90.if any provision of this Act of the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of the provision to other persons not similarly situated shall not be affected thereby. if any provision of this Act of the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of the provision to other persons not similarly situated shall not be affected."
480,<pad> summarize: Section 403 of such Act is hereby transferred to section 452 of such Act. Section 452 of such Act (42 USC. 652(a)(4) is hereby transferred to section 452 of such Act. Section 452 of such Act is hereby transferred to section 452 of such Act. the cost-reducing requirement is not more than 50 percent of the total administrative costs of that program for fiscal year 1994. a report to congress will describe the actions which have been or will be taken in order to achieve timely compliance with subsection (a).
481,"<pad> summarize: Section 13(a) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 USC. 1761(a) is amended by striking ""50 percent"" each place it appears and inserting ""40 percent"" reduce red tape for public-private partnerships."
482,"<pad> summarize: cramming is a problem of massive proportions and has affected millions of telephone users. cramming has largely failed to become a reliable method of payment that consumers and businesses can use to conduct legitimate commerce. in the last decade, millions of business and residential consumers have transitioned from wireline telephone service to interconnected VoIP service. no local exchange carrier or provider of interconnected VoIP service shall place a third-party charge unless the third-party charge is from a certified third-party vendor. a civil forfeiture shall be determined in accordance with section 503, except that the amount of the penalty shall be double the otherwise applicable amount of the penalty under section 503.federal communications commission promulgates rules to protect consumers from unauthorized third-party charges on wireless bills. the federal communications commission promulgates the rules 180 days after enactment of this Act. establish procedures for a provider of wireless services to follow to ensure that third-party charges placed on a wireless customer's wireless bill have been authorized."
483,"<pad> summarize: the term ""acquisition"" includes any necessary activities for siting a facility, equipment, structures, or rolling stock by purchase, lease-purchase, trade, or donation. the term ""construction"" means the design, planning, and erection of new infrastructure.a commission to be known as the ""National Commission on the Infrastructure of the United States"" is established to ensure that the infrastructure of the United States meets current and future demand, facilitates economic growth, is maintained in a manner that ensures public safety. 2 members shall be appointed by the president. 1 member shall be appointed by the majority leader of the house of representatives. the Commission shall complete a study of all matters relating to the state of the infrastructure of the united states. in carrying out paragraph (1), the Commission shall study matters, such as the capacity of infrastructure to sustain current and anticipated economic development and competitiveness. based on the current level of expenditure by Federal, State, and local governments the projected amount of need the expenditures will meet 5, 15, 30, and 50 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the Commission shall hold such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, take such testimony, administer such oaths, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers necessary to carry out this Act. information from federal agencies. In general, the Commission may secure directly from a Federal agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out this Act.a member of the Commission shall serve without pay, but shall be allowed a per diem allowance for travel expenses. a member of an agency may be appointed and terminated a executive director. a chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws, including regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director. a report submitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall be made available to the public electronically, in a user-friendly format, including on the internet. a report submitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall be made available to the public electronically, in a user-friendly format, including on the internet. for each fiscal years 2008 through 2010, the Secretary of Transportation shall transfer to the Commission $750,000 for use in carrying out this Act. the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer to the Commission $250,000 for use in carrying out this Act. the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall transfer to the Commission $250,000 for use in carrying out this Act.TERMINATION OF COMMISSION shall terminate on September 30, 2010. the Commission shall terminate on september 30, 2010.... TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION "
484,<pad> summarize: Section 1860D-11 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term'medicare operated prescription drug plan' has the meaning given in section 1860D-11A(c). a medicare operated prescription drug plan may offer supplemental prescription drug coverage.
485,"<pad> summarize: the congress finds that geothermal energy is a national resource of the united states. it is in the national interest for the Congress to control and conserve the development of this national resource. geothermal energy is a national resource of the u.s. a commission to be known as the National Geothermal Energy Commission shall be composed of 9 Commissioners who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. each Chairman, when so designated, shall act as such until the expiration of his term of office. the term of each such Commissioner first appointed shall be designated by the President at the time of his appointment. no person appointed to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expir DIRECTOR AND STAFF shall have a Director who shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Commission. he shall be paid at the rate of basic pay in effect for grade GS-18 of the General Schedule. the director may appoint and fix the pay of such personnel as he deems desirable.Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission may deem advisable. if so authorized by the Commission, any member or agent may take any action which the Commission is authorized to take.the Commission shall divide all areas into parcels of satisfactory size. it shall publish the list of parcels in the Federal Register. a person may only commercially develop geothermal steam and associated geothermal resources if he has already been granted an excessive number of licenses. a person who holds a license granted under section 6(b) for a parcel may apply to the Commission for a license to market the geothermal steam and associated geothermal resource found in such parcel. such steam and resource must be marketed in the same energy form as such steam and resource was extracted from such parcel, or be marketed as water. there shall only be one license for marketing granted under this section for any geographic area.any person granted a license under section 6 may transfer such license to another person for the commercial development of the geothermal steam and associated geothermal resource which the person granted such license discovered under such license. the person proposing a transfer of a license under this section shall inform the Commission concerning the transfer within seven working days before the transfer. any person granted a license by the Commission under section 6 and any other person to whom such a license is transferred under section 8 shall be a United States citizen or shall be a person owned or controlled by a United States citizen. if any holder of a license under this Act converts any geothermal steam and associated geothermal resource covered by such license to electrical or any other form of energy, he may only sell such electrical or other form if a licensee is found to have violated any of the provisions of such sections in the conduct of the licensed activity, the Commission may suspend, revoke, or take such other action as it may deem necessary with respect to any license issued by the Commission under the provisions of this Act. the term ""geothermal steam and associated geothermal resources"" shall have the same meaning as such term has in section 2(c) of the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970. the term ""geothermal steam and associated geothermal resources"" shall have the same meaning. "
486,"<pad> summarize: grants to eligible law enforcement agencies may only be used to address drug-related criminal activity. grants may only be used to provide additional resources for eligible law enforcement agencies. grants may only be used to combat criminal activities along the southern border. this Act does not authorize tribal, state, or local law enforcement agencies to exercise federal immigration law enforcement authority. the federal immigration law enforcement authority may not be construed. a federal immigration law enforcement authority may not be construed."
487,"<pad> summarize: an estimated 14,600,000 americans suffer from allergies, including allergic asthma. asthma is the most common chronic respiratory disease of children, accounting for 25 percent of school absenteeism. the prevalence of asthma is greater in low-income families. in 1997, more than 5,000 Americans died from asthma attacks.information and education is provided in the language and cultural context that is most appropriate for the individuals for whom the information and education is intended. the Secretary may make grants to public and nonprofit private entities for the purpose of carrying out projects to provide for individuals in low-income communities screenings and referrals regarding asthma, allergies, and related respiratory problems. the Secretary shall ensure that screenings and referrals regarding asthma, allergies, and related respiratory problems are comprehensive. the secretary of health and human services may make awards of contracts to provide for a national media campaign under subsection (a) the campaign provides information regarding the prevention and management of asthma, allergies, and related respiratory problems. the campaign is carried out in the language and cultural context that is most appropriate for the individuals for whom the campaign is intended.subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a donation credit determined under this section is an amount equal to 10 percent of the aggregate cost paid or incurred by the taxpayer during the taxable year in providing qualified pest control and climate control services. a taxpayer engaged in the trade or business of providing pest control or climate control services.the secretary of health and human services shall provide for the conduct of clinical research under subsection (a). in providing for the conduct of clinical research under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to providing to individuals described in paragraph (2) opportunities to undergo clinical evaluations for purposes of the research. the individuals referred to in this paragraph are individuals who are residents of communities in which the average family income is at or below 200 percent of the official poverty line.the director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute will identify all federal programs that carry out asthma-related activities. he will develop, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and professional and voluntary health organizations, a Federal plan for responding to asthma. not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, submit recommendations to the Congress on ways to strengthen and improve the coordination of asthma-related activities of the Federal Government. cdc director conducts local asthma surveillance activities. health care facility specific surveillance to collect asthma data. compile and annually publish data on the prevalence of children suffering from asthma in each state. the childhood mortality rate associated with asthma in each state. "
488,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. changes required to small bank holding company policy statement on assessment of financial and managerial factors. small bank holding company policy statement on assessment of financial and managerial factors based on financial and managerial factors. small bank holding company policy statement on assessment of financial and managerial factors.Escrow requirements........................ Exception to annual privacy notice requirement under the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act. Exception to annual privacy notice requirement under the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act. Exception to annual privacy notice requirement under the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act.accounting principles cost-benefit requirements. accounting principles cost-benefit requirements based on the accounting principles.... accounting principles cost-benefit requirements.... accounting principles cost-benefit requirements. exemption from annual management assessment of internal controls requirement imposed in 2002...................Certain loans included as qualified mortgages. certain loans included as qualified mortgages.. if you have any questions, please contact us at info@asc.gov.uk if you have any questions or concerns.increase in small servicer exempt from tax. small servicer exemptions are a major issue............ increase in small servicer exemption. Appraiser qualification threshold. appraiser qualification threshold...... appraiser qualification threshold... appraiser qualification threshold.. appraiser qualification threshold.coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions. coordination among financial institutions.small bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Financial and Managerial Factors. policy will apply to a bank holding company which has pro forma consolidated assets of less than $5,000,000,000. policy will apply to a bank holding company which has pro forma consolidated assets of less than $5,000,000,000. section 1461(a) of the Truth in Lending Act is amended. it is added by renaming paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) ems. the board shall, by regulation, exempt from the requirements of subsection (a) any loan secured by a first lien on a consumer's principle dwelling. section 503 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act is amended by adding at the end: Exception to Annual Notice Requirement. a financial institution that provides nonpublic personal information only in accordance with subsection (b)(2) or (e) of section 502 or regulations prescribed under section 504(b), has not changed its policies and practices with regard to disclosing nonpublic personal information from the policies and practices that were disclosed in section 19(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 USC. 77s(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: Generally accepted accounting principles cost-benefit requirements. the Commission or its designee shall conduct analyses of the costs and benefits of any new or amended accounting principle described under paragraph (1), and may not recognize such new or amended accounting principle.Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is amended by adding the following new subsection: Community Bank Exemption. this section shall not apply in any year to any insured depository institution whose total assets were determined on a consolidated basis. Section 129C(b)(2) of the Truth in Lending Act is amended in subparagraph (A) in clause (viii), by striking ""and"" at the end and inserting "", and"" in clause (ix), by adding at the end the following: that is originated and retained in portfolio for a period of at least 3 years by a creditor having less than $10,000,000,000 in total assets.Section 6 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end: Small Servicer Exemption. the Bureau shall, by regulation, provide exemptions or adjustments for, the provisions of this section for servicers that service 20,000 or fewer mortgage loans.Section 1112(b) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 is amended by striking a threshold level at or. by inserting ""shall establish a threshold level of $250,000,"" ""transactions, if"" and inserting ""transactions"" each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency may establish a higher threshold than $250,000. chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5332 the following new item relating to section 5333. no receiving depository financial institution shall be required to verify that the entry is not a prohibited transaction. the term 'automated clearing house' means a funds transfer system governed by rules governing such entry."
489,<pad> summarize: epa administrator must not carry out activities relating to international indirect land use change. he must not carry out activities relating to international indirect land use change. he must not carry out activities relating to international indirect land use change. he must not carry out activities relating to international indirect land use change.
490,"<pad> summarize: a covered individual who is a registered lobbyist shall not be eligible for any covered benefits for any month which begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. the term ""covered individual"" means an individual who becomes a former Member of Congress or a former senior Congressional employee after the date of the enactment of this Act. the term ""registered lobbyist"" has the meaning given by section 3 of the Lobbying Disclosure"
491,"<pad> summarize: this section shall apply to mailings made during fiscal year 1994. the term ""mass mailing"" means, with respect to a session of Congress, a mailing of five hundred or more newsletters or other pieces of mail with substantially identical content. if a mailing of matter is mailed at any time, it may not include a follow-up response. a senator, senator-elect, or office of the Senate may not mail a mass"
492,"<pad> summarize: the national park service's 67,000 park assets include over 17,000 buildings, 4,000 housing units, 1,200 campgrounds, 5,000 miles of paved roadways, and 18,000 miles of trails. cyclic and routine maintenance projects fall under the category of roads and road-related infrastructure.supplemental appropriations are appropriated for fiscal year 2010. supplemental appropriations are available for fiscal year 2010. supplemental appropriations will be provided for the national park service. supplemental appropriations will be provided for fiscal year 2010. supplemental appropriations will be provided for fiscal year 2010."
493,<pad> summarize:......................... section 408 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 408 the following new item. a Retirement Years Savings Account shall be treated for purposes of this title in the same manner as an individual retirement plan. deduction allowed for years before individual attains age 40. Section 219(g) shall not apply to any contribution to an RYS account.
494,"<pad> summarize: in this section, the term ""transport"" includes staying in temporary lodging overnight. it does not include transport of a knife with the intent to commit an offense punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year involving the use or threatened use of force against another person. an individual who is not otherwise prohibited by federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a knife may transport a knife from any State or place where the individual may lawfully possess"
495,"<pad> summarize: Boys Town is a nonprofit organization dedicated to saving children and healing families headquartered in the village of Boys Town, Nebraska. the organization was founded on December 12, 1917, by Servant of God Father Edward Flanagan. boys Town has grown exponentially, and now provides care to children and families across the country.the Secretary of the Treasury shall mint and issue not more than 50,000 $5 coins in commemoration of the centennial of the founding of Father Flanagan's Boys Town. each of which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (2) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. and contain 90 percent gold and 10 percent alloy.design of coins minted under this Act will be emblematic of Boys Town. design will be selected by the Secretary, after consultation. design will be reviewed by the Citizens of Coinage Advisory Committee. inscriptions of the words ""Liberty"", ""In God We Trust"", ""United States of America"" and ""E Pluribus Unum"" only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins under this Act only during the period beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending on December 31, 2017.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins minted under this Act. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders will be accepted at a reasonable discount. prepaid orders will also be accepted.all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows. a surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. a surcharge of $10 per coin for the half dollar coin. all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale shall be paid to Boys Town to carry out Boys Town's cause of caring. no funds, including applicable surcharges, shall be disbursed to any recipient designated in section 7. the total cost of designing and issuing the coins authorized by this Act is recovered by the United States Treasury. KAREN L. HAAS passed the House of Representatives September 15, 2014. "
496,<pad> summarize: elecTION SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM is set up by the Secretary of Homeland Security. the program will be carried out for a period of 5 years if the Secretary determines the appropriate remedy. a state may use grant funds provided under this section to employ or contract with private sector entities or individuals with expertise in information technology or cybersecurity to carry out activities.
497,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall establish a competitive research, development, demonstration, and commercial application program to provide grants to applicants to carry out projects to advance research and development and to demonstrate technologies for advanced heavy-duty hybrid vehicles. if the recipient cannot successfully complete the requirements of phase one, the Secretary may terminate the program with respect to the project of a recipient at the conclusion of phase one. subsection (g)(1) is amended by inserting ""vehicles with a gross weight over 16,000 pounds,"" before ""stationary applications"" passed the house of representatives September 24, 2008. if approved, he will be able to testify. "
498,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall adopt or implement a standard identification system for biological implants. if the system isn't operational by the date that is 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a written explanation for each month until such time.8129. Procurement of biological implants In general. the secretary may procure biological implants only from vendors that meet the following conditions. the vendor is registered with the Food and Drug Administration under section 7330B of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21 of title 21."
499,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: a deepening crisis in developing countries with regard to contraceptives. kohn: access to contraceptives is essential in reducing unintended pregnancies. kohn: a lack of access to contraceptives and other reproductive health care services is devastating. kohn: a lack of access to contraceptives has led to 500,000 deaths each year a year. Section 104 of Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h) a new subsection provides assistance to provide contraceptives in developing countries in order to prevent unintended pregnancies, abortions and the transmission of sexually transmitted infections, including HIVAIDS. a nongovernmental organization shall not be subject to requirements relating to the use of non-United States Government funds that apply to foreign governments with respect to eligibility"
500,"<pad> summarize: glaucoma is the leading cause of blindness among African-Americans and Hispanics. the cost of glaucoma is estimated to be over $1.5 billion annually. poor vision costs Medicare more than $2 billion per year in non-eye-related illnesses and healthcare needs.Section 1861(s)(2)(U) of the Social Security Act is amended. it applies to services furnished on or after January 1, 2008. the amendment applies with respect to services furnished on or after January 1, 2008. if you have glaucoma screenings, you should not be able to access the coverage. grant program is intended to provide screenings for glaucoma. an entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit an application. the entity shall use mobile screening units to test for glaucoma and other eye diseases. the entity shall form partnerships with federally-qualified health centers."
501,"<pad> summarize: Schedule I of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 812(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 4-methylmethcathinone (Mephedrone) Section 201(h)(2) of the Controlled Substances Act is amended by striking ""one year"" and inserting ""2 years"" and ""six months"" and inserting ""1 year"". if amended, the TEMPORARY SCHEDULING will have a broader effect."
502,"<pad> summarize: there's no mandatory federal training requirement for state, local, tribal, and territorial food protection officials. there's no mandatory federal training requirement for state, local, tribal, and territorial food protection officials. under contract with the FDA, State employees perform over half of all FDA inspections at domestic food processing plants. in fiscal year 2008, states conducted approximately 10,500 FDA food contract inspections. federal food, drug, and cosmetics act defines 'food protection officials' a national association of food protection officials has membership open to food protection officials. bb provides financial, technical, and other assistance to establish and maintain a Food Protection Training Institute. bb provides career-specific and career- spanning skills training and continuing education. "
503,"<pad> summarize: the congress finds that both wholesale and retail motor fuel prices are the result of a number of complex factors. some cost, pricing, and marketing practices employed by the oil companies are unfair and anticompetitive. the oil companies engage in a practice known as price zoning.ftc may assess a civil penalty, not to exceed $1,000,000, for each violation described in subsection (a) a sale shall not be in violation of this subsection if it is made pursuant to the terms of a franchise or sales contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act. a sale shall not be in violation of this subsection if it is made pursuant to the terms of a franchise or sales contract entered the federal trade commission shall issue regulations requiring full disclosure by refiners and distributors of their wholesale motor fuel pricing policies. such regulations shall establish procedures for determining the price an owner or operator of a terminal facility charges a distributor or retailer which it owns or with which it is affiliated. the regulations issued under subsection (a) shall take effect 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act.any term defined in section 101 of the Petroleum Marketing Practices Act shall have the meaning given in that Act. the term in that Act shall have the meaning given in that Act. if the term is defined in section 101 of the Petroleum Marketing Practices Act."
504,"<pad> summarize: the term ""cadastre"" means an inventory of Federal land developed through collecting, storing, retrieving, or disseminating graphical or digital data depicting natural or manmade physical features, phenomena, or boundaries of the earth. the term ""cadastre"" includes the following data layers.the Secretary may enter into a cost-sharing agreement with a State to include in the cadastre any non-Federal land in the State. the federal share of any cost-sharing agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost to the State for including in the cadastre the non-Federal land in the State."
505,"<pad> summarize: nhs spokesman says the project will be a national project. the Advisory Council shall be comprised of 12 experts from outside the federal government. the Advisory Council shall be comprised of 12 expert members from outside the federal government. the Advisory Council shall terminate December 31, 2025."
506,"<pad> summarize: section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. special rule applies to Certain Smaller Projects. maximum credit. the credit determined under this subsection with respect to any smaller project for all taxable years shall not exceed $750,000. no credit was allowed under this section for either of the 2 prior taxable years with respect to such building.a transfer under subparagraph (A) shall be accompanied by a certificate which includes the certification for the certified historic structure referred to in subsection (c)(3). the transferee's name, address, tax identification number, date of project completion, and the amount of credit being transferred. a certificate issued under this section shall be transferable to any other taxpayer, except that a certificate may not be transferred more than once. a certificate section 47(c)(1)(C)(i)(I) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ""50 percent of"" before ""the adjusted basis"" effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.Section 50 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: Coordination With Basis Adjustment. in the case of any rehabilitation credit only 50 percent of such credit shall be taken into account under paragraph (1). only 50 percent of any recapture amount attributable to such credit shall be taken into account under paragraph (2). section 139E is amended by inserting after section 139E the following new item relating to section 139E. if a taxpayer receives a State historic tax credit and transfers such credit by sale, allocation, or otherwise. a reduction in basis shall be applied first, against the basis in the land, second, against so much of the basis of any building or interest therein.section 47(c)(2)(B)(v)(i) shall not apply. the amendment shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. if the amendments are made, the enactment of this Act will apply.Section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Related Buildings. Buildings that are functionally related shall be treated as separate certified historic structures for purposes of the credit allowed under this section. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any application to the National Park Service received after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
507,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 42(h)(3)(C) is amended by striking ""the excess"" and inserting ""clauses (i) through (iv)"" section 42(h)(3)(C) is amended by striking "", 221(d)(4),"" after ""221(d)(3)"" the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 1992."
508,"<pad> summarize: part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end a new subpart. ""Subpart H Nonrefundable Credit to Holders of Clean Energy Bonds "" is amended by adding at the end the following subpart. 'clean energy bond' means any bond issued as part of an issue. a clean energy bond may not be treated as a clean energy bond unless it's part of an issue. a qualified issuer may redeem all nonqualified bonds on a credit allowance date."
509,"<pad> summarize: congress finds it is important to preserve and defend our common heritage of freedom and civilization. despite its importance, most of the Nation's colleges and universities no longer require United States history or systematic study of Western civilization and free institutions as a prerequisite to graduation. too many of our Nation's elementary and secondary history teachers lack the training necessary to effectively teach these subjects due largely to the inadequacy of their teacher preparation.the term ""eligible institution"" means an institution of higher education. an eligible institution within the meaning of subparagraph (A) may apply to award subgrants to other such eligible institutions at the discretion of, and subject to the oversight of, the Secretary. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the same meaning given that term.grants to eligible institutions will be used for History Teacher Preparation Initiatives. grants to strengthen post-secondary programs in fields related to the founding, free institutions, and Western civilization. grants to strengthen post-secondary programs in fields related to the American founding, free institutions, and Western civilization. grants to strengthen post-secondary programs in fields related to the American founding, free institutions, and Western civilization. $140,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2004. sums may be necessary for each of the succeeding 5 fiscal years. if necessary. if appropriated for each of the succeeding 5 fiscal years. if appropriated for each of the succeeding 5 fiscal years. this Act shall take effect on september 1, 2003. it will take effect on september 1, 2003.............."
510,"<pad> summarize: the purposes of this Act are to explore, assess, and stimulate a variety of approaches to character education. federal support to local and state character education programs that seek to promote commonly accepted civic and character values and the principles of democracy.john avlon: many americans no longer make determinations of right and wrong. avlon: educational institutions no longer receive explicit authority or proper assistance. avlon: a national moral recession in governmental and political activities, scientific research. avlon: a nation has witnessed a national moral recession. avlon: education in moral issues contribute to good citizenship. charACTER EDUCATION DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM Section 201. the secretary of education shall sponsor a national character education conference. the conference will evaluate local and state character education programs. the conference will be held on january 1. "
511,"<pad> summarize: the Department of the Treasury changed the purpose of TARP and began injecting capital into financial institutions through a program called the Capital Purchase Program (CPP), rather than purchasing toxic assets. the recipients of amounts under the CPP are now faced with additional restrictions related to accepting those funds.Title I of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 is amended. the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit any amounts received by the Secretary for repayment of financial assistance or for payment of any interest on the receipt of such financial assistance by an entity that has received financial assistance.the public debt reduction payment account is established in the Treasury of the united states. amounts deposited in the account are appropriated and may only be expended to carry out this section. the secretary of the Treasury and the director of the office of management and budget shall each take such actions as may be necessary to promptly carry out this section in accordance with sound debt management policies. Section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code is amended by inserting ""minus the aggregate amounts deposited into the Public Debt Reduction Payment Account pursuant to section 3114(c)"" before "", outstanding at one time""receipts and disbursements of public debt REDUCTION PAYMENT ACCOUNT are not counted as new budget authority, outlays, receipts, or deficit or surplus. a balanced budget and emergency deficit control act of 1985 is not counted.any official statement issued by the Office of Management and Budget, the Congressional Budget Office, or any other agency or instrumentality of the Federal Government of surplus or deficit totals of the congressional budget. the excluded outlays and receipts of the Public Debt Reduction Payment Account established by section 3114 of title 31, United States Code, shall be submitted in separate budget documents."
512,"<pad> summarize: the Commission shall establish a commission to be known as the ""National Commission on Earmark Reform"" the duties are to study the laws and practices related to replacing earmarks with a full grant-making process. the commission shall develop a proposed plan that includes objectives, priorities, policies, and long-term plans to transition from congressional member-directed earmarks to a grant-making process. gov. The Commission shall propose legislative or regulatory changes director of the Office of Management and Budget establishes an office within the Office. the office will be known as the ""Office of grant making"" the director will oversee the development of the expert grant award panels and recommendations of the National Commission on Earmark Reform. each federal agency shall develop and implement a plan that streamlines and simplifies the application, administrative, and reporting procedures for federal grants administered by the agency. each federal agency shall publish the plan developed under this section and receive public comment on the plan through the Federal Register and other means. the director of the Office of Grant Making shall be responsible for maintaining Grants. gov. Duplicative hard copy applications not required from grant applicants. the director of the Office of Grant Making shall ensure that Grants. gov is able to handle the following functions: Finding grants. Applying for grants. Submitting and receiving grant applications. Sending grant award notifications and other documents. Submitting and receiving post-grant-award management reports. Section 312 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Prohibition on Congressional Earmarks, Limited Tax Benefits, and Limited Tariff Benefits. it shall not be in order in the House of Representatives or the Senate to consider any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon if it or any accompanying report contains any congressional earmark, limited tax benefit, or"
513,"<pad> summarize: the term ""FISA court of review"" means the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 USC. 1803(a)). the term ""FISA court of review"" means the court established under section 103(b) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 USC. 1803(a)). a judge of the FISA Court shall be designated from each judicial circuit. a district court judge may serve on the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 USC. 1803(b)) before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve in that position until the end of the term of the district judge. the committee on intercircuit Assignments of the Judicial Conference of the united states shall carry out a study on how to ensure judges are appointed to the FISA Court and the FISA Court of Review. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Intercircuit Assignments shall submit to Congress a report on the study carried out under subsection (a)."
514,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (1) of section 102(b) is amended in subparagraph (A) by inserting "", not later than December 31, 2017,"" before ""construct"" in clause (i), by striking ""370 miles, or other mileage determined by the Secretary,"" and inserting ""areas"" in clause (ii), by striking ""2008"" and inserting ""2017""Neither the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may impede, prohibit, or restrict activities of US Customs and Border Protection on federal land within 100 miles of an international land border. this section may not be construed to provide authority to restrict legal uses, such as grazing, hunting, mining, or public-use recreational and backcountry airstrips on land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture. this"
515,"<pad> summarize:......................... the director may carry out a pilot program to award innovation inducement cash prizes based on the prize topic. the director may not issue a notice as required by subsection (d)(2) until all of the funds needed to pay out the announced amount have been appropriated or committed in writing by another entity pursuant to paragraph (1). if the director is unable to select a winner, the Director shall announce a prize competition within 18 months."
516,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE aims to promote the effective protection of classified information. it is the purpose of this Act to promote the effective protection of classified information and the disclosure of information where there is not a well-founded basis for protection or where the costs of maintaining a secret outweigh the benefits.the system for classification and declassification of national security information has been based in regulation, not in statute. it has been governed by six successive Executive orders since 1951. the absence of a statutory framework has resulted in unstable and inconsistent classification and declassification policies, excessive costs, and inadequate implementation.the president may protect from unauthorized disclosure information in the possession and control of the executive branch when there is a demonstrable need to do so in order to protect the national security of the united states. the president shall establish, and allocate resources for the implementation of, procedures for declassifying information previously classified. if there is significant doubt as to whether information requires such protection, it shall not be classified.a national declassification center is established within an existing agency. the Center shall coordinate implementation by agencies of declassification policies and practices established by the president under section 4. if disputes arise between agencies, the heads of the agencies concerned may refer the matter to the president for resolution of the dispute.this act does not authorize the withholding of information from the congress. information is not construed to authorize the withholding of information from the congress. the Congress is not responsible if the information is collected. if you have any questions, please contact the congress if you have any questions. the term ""Advisory Committee"" refers to the process by which information is determined to no longer require protection from unauthorized disclosure pursuant to this Act in order to protect the national security of the United States. the term ""agency"" means any executive agency as defined in section 105 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take effect on july 1, 2015."
517,"<pad> summarize: most tampons contain dioxins to varying degrees. fda documents suggest the agency has not adequately investigated the danger. fda relied on data provided by feminine hygiene manufacturers. tampon manufacturers may be at risk for other noncancer effects that could suppress the immune system. tampons, pads, liners, and other feminine hygiene products pose risks to women's health. nhs director provides for conduct or support of research to determine if dioxin is present. tampons, pads, liners, and similar products used by women with respect to menstruation or other genital-tract secretions."
518,<pad> summarize: section 44 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. the term <unk> qualified regulatory costs' means any amount paid or incurred in connection with a plant or other property operated by the taxpayer. the term <unk> federally required nonproductive expenditure' does not include any amount paid or incurred in connection with any property first placed in service after the later of the date on which the regulation became final. the amendments to this section apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date of enactment. the amendments shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after such date of enactment in taxable years. 
519,"<pad> summarize: the most important domestic function of the Federal Government is protecting the personal security of individual Americans. tough federal laws, such as mandatory minimum prison sentences for violent crimes committed with a firearm and truth-in-sentencing would serve as deterrents to persons who might be disposed to commit violent crimes.the term 'drug trafficking crime' means a crime punishable by imprisonment for more than 1 year. the term 'possesses a firearm' means in the case of a crime of violence involving a firearm. a person who knowingly possesses a firearm shall be imprisoned for a term of not less than 30 years. section 4001(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code is amended. it prohibits provision of television, radio, telephone, stereo or other similar amenities. if inmates are in prison, they may be unable to work."
520,"<pad> summarize: review within five years based on the stated objectives of applicable statutes. review must include cost-benefit analysis of major rules based on standard cost-benefit analysis. review must include a brief description of each such major rule. Section 624 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 is amended. section 624 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 is amended. section 624 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 is amended."
521,"<pad> summarize: if a person or entity has previously violated an environmental law at the same site or facility or for the same regulated activity, the person or entity was apparently not deterred by the previous federal or state enforcement action. the penalty assessed for a violation that results in a single catastrophic event may not be great enough to reflect the serious actual or potential public health or environmental consequences of the violation. a violation of an environmental law results in a catastrophic event the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. the term ""administrator"" means any of the following laws : the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act. repeat violator must be assessed up to an additional penalty of 25 percent of the maximum penalty assessable per day of violation for the first repeat violation under the applicable environmental law. an additional penalty of 50 percent of the maximum penalty assessable per day of violation for the second repeat violation under the applicable environmental law for the third and each subsequent violation.the term ""criteria air pollutant"" means an air pollutant listed under section 108 of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7412(a)). the term ""hazardous air pollutant"" has the meaning given the term in section 112(a) of the Clean Air Act (42 USC. 7412(a)). the term ""hazardous air pollutant"" has the meaning given the term in section 101 if you are violators of this Act, you should be aware of any penalties imposed under this Act. if you are violators of this Act, you should be aware of any penalties imposed under this Act. if you are violators of this Act, you should be aware of any penalties imposed under this Act.a person or entity described in subsection (a) may be fined not less than $25,000 and not more than $10,000,000, to be paid into the Health and Environment Trust Fund of the Environmental Protection Agency. a person or entity described in subsection (a) may be fined not less than $25,000 and not more than $10,000,000, to be paid into the Health and Environment Trust Fund of the Environmental Protection Agency."
522,"<pad> summarize: 'private forest land' means land that (i) has existing tree cover, or is suitable for growing trees. the term 'State forest land' means land owned by a State or unit of local government. the Secretary may provide amounts under this section for multiyear projects. section 103 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 is amended in subsection (d) by adding at the end the following: cross-boundary considerations. the Secretary may use the funds described in subsection (d)(3) to support hazardous fuel reduction projects that incorporate treatments in landscapes across ownership boundaries on federal and non-Federal land. if a project on non-Federal land is carried out, only the laws and regulations that apply"
523,"<pad> summarize: recycling means business in the u.s. with more than 56,000 reuse and recycling establishments that employ over 1,100,000 people. in 2005, recycling scrap materials accounted for $15,700,000,000 in exports for the u.s.'qualified reuse and recycling property' means any reuse and recycling property to which this section applies. the term 'qualified reuse and recycling property' shall not include any property to which the alternative depreciation system under subsection (g) applies. if a taxpayer makes an election under this clause, this subsection shall not apply to all property in such class placed in service during such taxable year."
524,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible individual' means any individual who has attained the age of 55. 'qualified tuition and related expense' means any expense of a type which is taken into account in determining the cost of attendance of a student who is the taxpayer, or the taxpayer's spouse."
525,"<pad> summarize: section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 636(m) is amended by adding at the end: Credit reporting information. the Administrator shall establish a process, for use by an intermediary making a loan to a borrower under this subsection, under which the intermediary shall provide to the major credit reporting agencies the information about the borrower. Section 7(m) of the Small Business Act is further amended in paragraph (1)(B)(i) by striking ""short-term,"" (2) in paragraph (6)(A) by striking ""short-term,"" paragraph (11)(B) by striking ""short-term,"" paragraph (11)(B) by striking ""short-term"" Section 7(m)(2) of the Small Business Act is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""paragraph (10)"" and inserting ""paragraph (11)"" 1 full-time employee who has not less than 3 years of experience making microloans to startup. Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (USC. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ""$750,000"" and inserting ""$1,000,000,"" (2) by striking ""$3,500,000"" and inserting ""$7,000,000""Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act is amended in clause (i) by striking ""25 percent"" and inserting ""35 percent"" clause (ii) by striking ""25 percent"" and inserting ""35 percent"" young entrepreneur defined as an individual who is 25 years of age or younger. a young entrepreneur must make a good faith effort to establish or operate such concern in the geographic area served by the intermediary. if a small business concern established or operated by a young entrepreneur receives a loan under this subsection, such concern may defer repayment on such loan for a period of not more than 6 months beginning on the date that such concern receives Section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 636(m) is amended in paragraph (3)(f)(iii) by striking ""$7,500"" and inserting ""$10,000"" in paragraph (6)(C)(i) by striking ""$7,500"" and inserting ""$10,000"" Section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 636(m) is amended by adding at the end: Reporting requirement. the Administrator shall submit to the committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a report that includes, with respect to such fiscal year of the microloan program.Section 7(m) of the Small Business Act is amended by this Act. the Administrator is authorized to make grants to intermediaries. he is authorized to make grants to intermediaries for the purposes of reducing interest rates charged to borrowers that receive financing. Section 20 of the Small Business Act is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following: Fiscal Years 2010 and 2011 With Respect to Section 7(m). programs authorized by this Act, the Administration is authorized to make $80,000,000 in technical assistance grants during each of fiscal years 2010 and 2011. enactment of this Act and amendments made by this Act enacted. enactment of this Act passed the house of representatives on November 7, 2009. enactment of this Act and amendments made by this Act. "
526,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Fund"" means the geothermal Investment Fund established under subsection (h) the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Energy. Establishment. The Secretary shall establish a direct loan program for high risk geothermal exploration wells. an applicant that seeks to receive a loan under the program may submit to the Secretary an application for the loan at such time, in such form. LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY aims to improve geothermal heat pumps. the term 'direct use of geothermal energy' means systems that use water that is at a temperature between approximately 38 degrees Celsius and 149 degrees Celsius directly or through a heat exchanger to provide heating to buildings. the term 'geothermal heat pump' means a system that provides heating and cooling by exchanging heat from shallow section 4(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: Land subject to oil and gas lease. land under an oil and gas lease issued pursuant to the Mineral Leasing Act or the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands may be available for leasing under subsection (c) by the holder of the oil and gas lease."
527,"<pad> summarize: the term ""crime of violence"" means a felony offense under federal or state law. it may include the following : Murder. Homicide. Kidnapping resulting in a serious bodily injury. assault with intent to commit murder resulting in serious bodily injury.the Attorney General may make grants to states and multi-State compact associations. grantees may develop, constructing, expanding, operating, and improving boot camp prison programs. the Attorney General may provide technical assistance to grantees under this section. if the Attorney General determines that the State no longer appropriately provides for the matters described in paragraph (1) or has ceased making substantial progress toward attaining them."
528,"<pad> summarize: a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement shall be awarded to eligible applicants. a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement shall be awarded under this part."
529,"<pad> summarize: a voluntarily negotiated access agreement between 1 or more providers of a covered electronic payment system and 1 or more merchants shall file with the Attorney General a schedule for negotiations. the negotiating parties shall jointly file a voluntarily negotiated access agreement with the attorney general. the negotiating parties shall jointly file a schedule for negotiations. if a voluntarily negotiated access agreement is reached, the parties may determine the proportionate division among themselves. this Act does not limit the ability of acquirers or issuers that are regulated by the National Credit Union Administration to opt out of negotiations under this Act. if this Act does not, it will be deemed necessary to opt out of negotiations.this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take effect on january 1, 2014. "
530,"<pad> summarize: the federal Meat Inspection Act is amended by redesignating section 411 as section 412 as section 412. the term'meat product' means a carcass, part of a carcass, meat, or meat food product of an amenable species. a person that has reason to believe that a meat product handled by the person is in violation of this Act shall immediately notify the Secretary of the identity and location of the meat product. a person who has reason to believe that a poultry product handled by the person is in violation of this Act must immediately notify the Secretary of the identity and location of the poultry product. a person handling a poultry product receiving notification under subsection (c) shall immediately cease distribution of the poultry product. if the Secretary orders a mandatory action under subsection (c), the Secretary shall vacate the order. "
531,"<pad> summarize: term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on homeland security of the house of representatives. term ""public and private sector stakeholders"" has the meaning given such term in section 114(u)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code. ""surface transportation asset"" includes facilities, equipment, or systems used to provide transportation services by a public transportation agency. nsa's 2016 Biennial national strategy for transportation security is reflected in federal transportation security programs, budgets, research, staffing levels, and related efforts. nsa will evaluate the degree to which such strategy is sufficiently forward-looking to guide future Federal efforts relating to transportation security.the secretary of homeland security shall annually develop, consistent with the transportation modal security plans required under section 114(s) of title 49, United States Code, risk based priorities based on risk assessments conducted or received by the Secretary across all transportation modes that consider threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences. the information provided under subsection (c) may be submitted in a classified format or unclassified format. inspector general review is required to make recommendations to ensure implementation of regulations referred to in such subsection. inspector general review is not later than 120 days after submission of the report under subsection (a). inspector general review is required to make recommendations, as necessary, to ensure implementation of the regulations referred to in such subsection.a feasibility assessment of modifying the security of surface transportation assets is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees. the secretary of homeland security, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with the Transportation Security Administration, shall address the technological, privacy, operational, passenger facilitation, and public acceptance considerations involved with each security measure contemplated. secretary of homeland security shall disseminate best practices to public and private sector stakeholders. not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, he shall disseminate best practices to public and private sector stakeholders.not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin conducting a survey. not later than 120 days after beginning the survey required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the appropriate congressional committees regarding the results of such survey. task force authorized under subsection (a) shall be chaired by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration's designee and comprised of representatives appointed by the Administrator. task force shall evaluate technologies and capabilities for field demonstrations with potential to enhance surface transportation security. enactment of this Act imposes a minimum of 180 days to the secretary of homeland security. he will submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of terrorist and other threats posed by the use of security technologies, including software.enactment of this Act requires a strategy to guide operations of surface transportation security inspectors. strategy is based on limitations in data systems for such inspectors. Comptroller general review of strategy and issue recommendations. karen L. HAAS passed the house of representatives on march 22, 2018."
532,"<pad> summarize: congress finds 3,600,000 pregnancies are unintended each year. contraceptive services are part of basic health care. contraceptives are cost effective: for every $1 of public funds invested in family planning, $4 to $14 is saved.section 712 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended. it is amended by adding at the end the following new section. a group health plan and a health insurance issuer may not exclude or restrict benefits if such plan provides benefits for other outpatient services provided by a health care professional. group health plans may not exclude or restrict benefits for prescription contraceptive drugs or devices if such plan provides benefits for other outpatient services provided by a health care professional. a group health plan and a health insurance issuer providing health coverage in connection with a group health plan may not deny to an individual eligibility, or continued eligibility, to enroll or to renew coverage under the terms of the plan. a group health plan under this part shall comply with the the amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to health insurance coverage offered, sold, issued, renewed, in effect, or operated in the individual market on or after January 1, 1998. the amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to health insurance coverage offered, sold, issued, renewed, in effect, or operated in the individual market on or after January 1, 1998."
533,<pad> summarize:.........................2082. Failure to inform and warn unless an appropriate Federal agency has been so informed. a party to an action brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be entitled to trial by jury. if a final judgment is rendered and a fine is imposed on an individual under this subsection. a party to an action brought under subparagraph (ii) shall be entitled to all relief.
534,"<pad> summarize: section 1233(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by striking paragraph (1). it includes harvesting, grazing, or other commercial use of the forage. state of emergency is declared by the Governor of the state in which the land is subject to a contract.Section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by adding at the end: Consideration of Requests. in evaluating a request for a declaration under this section, the President shall take into consideration any impacts that will impede the recovery efforts of affected individuals or communities. Section 662(b) of the post-Katrina emergency management reform Act of 2006 is amended. it includes supporting joint interagency cooperation between state agencies responsible for responding to wildfires. it is amended by inserting.the term ""major disaster"" has the meaning in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford disaster relief and emergency assistance Act. the term ""appropriate Federal banking agency"" and ""depository institution"" have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. "
535,"<pad> summarize: the Connecticut River watershed in the states of Connecticut and Massachusetts is a scenic region of cities and historic villages located in an internationally and nationally significant landscape of working farms, verdant forests, mountains, and broad fertile floodplains. the Connecticut River and its tributaries provide outstanding fish and wildlife habitat, recreation, and hydropower generation for the New England region.the term ""River"" means the Connecticut River. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""State"" means the state of Connecticut. the term ""secretary"" means the state of Connecticut.the Secretary may provide technical and financial assistance in managing the River and the River watershed in cooperation and collaboration with conservation organizations and regional planning agencies in the watershed. Developing policies for water quality, flow management, and recreational boating for the River. Developing a coordinated, collaborative approach on the part of the States for monitoring the quality of the River for human use and ecological health."
536,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of the Interior may establish, modify, charge, and collect fees for admission to a unit of the National Park System and the use of National Park Service (Service) administered areas, lands, sites, facilities, and services by individuals andor groups. fees shall be based on an analysis by the Secretary of the government, (2) the cumulative effect of fees; (3) the comparable fees charged elsewhere and by other public agencies and by nearby private sector operators. receipts collected pursuant to the Act or from sales of the National Park Passport shall be retained by the Secretary. the balance of the amounts collected shall remain available for use on a Service-wide basis as determined by the Secretary. the balance of the amounts collected shall remain available for use on a Service-wide basis as determined by the Secretary.fee programs may be used to improve visitor enjoyment, visitor access, environmental compliance, and health and safety. amounts available for expenditure at a specific area, site or project shall be accounted for separately and may be used for repair, maintenance, facility enhancement, media services and infrastructure including projects and expenses relating to visitor enjoyment, visitor access, environmental compliance, and health and safety. on January 1, 2009, and every three years thereafter the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report detailing the status of the Recreation Fee Program conducted in units of the National Park System. EMILY J. REYNOLDS passed the Senate May 19, 2004."
537,"<pad> summarize: electronic data exchanges are used extensively to transfer information between computer systems. if Year 2000 data exchanges do not function properly, data will not be exchanged between systems. 88 per cent of companies with fewer than 2,000 employees had not yet started remediation projects. the economic well being of the united states is interdependent with the economic well being of other nations of the world. ""end-to-end testing"" means testing data exchange software. term ""small and medium-sized businesses"" means businesses with less than 500 employees. term ""Year 2000 compliant"" means that information technology accurately processes date and time data from, into, and between the 20th and 21st centuries. the head of each federal agency shall take actions necessary to ensure that all systems and hardware administered by the agency are Year 2000 compliant. the agency must establish, before March 1, 1999, schedules for testing and implementing new data exchange formats for completing all data exchange corrections. national Institute of Standards and Technology develops compliance outreach program. program includes the development of a Year 2000 self-assessment checklist. list of year 2000 compliant products provided by the general services administration. a year 2000 self-assessment checklist will also be developed. under secretary of commerce for technology will transmit to the Congress a report assessing the international implications of the Year 2000 computer problem. such report will include an assessment of Year 2000 compliance by the United States major trading partners. a description of efforts by the United States to share best practices with other countries. a summary of participation by Federal agencies in international fora addressing the Year 2000 computer problem. under secretary of commerce for technology develops a year 2000 consumer awareness program. such program will include the development of a Year 2000 self-assessment checklist. list of year 2000 compliant products provided by the general services administration. "
538,"<pad> summarize: the term ""commercial electronic mail message"" means any electronic mail message the primary purpose of which is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service. the term ""electronic mail address"" means a destination to which an electronic mail message can be sent or delivered. the term ""electronic mail address"" may include an electronic mail address consisting of a user name or mailbox.Chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""1351. unsolicited commercial electronic mail containing fraudulent header information"" the terms 'unsolicited commercial electronic mail message' and 'header information' have the meaning given such terms.it shall be unlawful for any person to initiate the transmission of an unsolicited commercial electronic mail message to an electronic mail address within the united states. if the subject line includes except in the case of an unsolicited commercial electronic mail message described in paragraph (2) an identification that complies with the standards adopted for identification of unsolicited commercial electronic mail messages. if the sender establishes a valid sender-operated return electronic mail address where the recipient a violation of this Act shall be treated as a violation of a rule under section 18 of the FTC Act prohibiting an unfair or deceptive act or practice. the rules adopted by the Commission shall prevent violations of section 4 in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the FTC Act were incorporated into and made a part of this section. a recipient of an unsolicited commercial electronic mail message adversely affected by a violation of section 4 may bring a civil action in any district court of the u.s. a civil action may enjoin further violation by the defendant. or recover damages equal to actual monetary loss incurred by the recipient or provider of Internet access service as a result of such violation. the court may, in its discretion, require an undertaking for the payment of chapter 121 of title 18 relates to when a provider of Internet access service may disclose customer communications or records. chapter 121 of title 18 relates to when a provider of Internet access service may disclose customer communications or records. chapter 121 of title 18 relates to when a provider of Internet access service may disclose customer communications or records.this Act does not interfere with the enforcement of section 223 or 231 of the Communications Act of 1934. chapter 71 or 110 of title 18, United States Code, or any other federal criminal statutes. no federal criminal statute shall be construed. not later than 24 months after enactment of this Act, the Commission submits a report to Congress. it provides a detailed analysis of the effectiveness and enforcement of the provisions of this Act and the need, if any, for Congress to modify such provisions. not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the president shall conduct a study. the study is required by paragraph (1). he will issue a report to congress setting forth the findings of the study. the provisions of this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. subsections (b) and (c) of section 5 shall take effect upon the date of enactment of this Act. "
539,"<pad> summarize: section 2252(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both"" and inserting ""and imprisoned not less than 2 years nor more than 15 years""a provider of electronic communication services or remote computing services described in paragraph (1) who negligently fails to make a report shall be subject to a civil penalty of in the case of an initial failure to make a report, not more than $150,000. in the case of any second or subsequent failure to make a report, not more than $300,000. for the purposes of this paragraph, the Federal Communications Commission shall have the authority to levy civil penalties. Section 2252(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (4) in subparagraph (A) by inserting after ""possesses,"" the following: ""or knowingly accesses with intent to view"" in subparagraph (B), by inserting after ""possesses,"" the following: ""or knowingly accesses with intent to view,"" in subparagraph (B), by inserting after ""possesses""Section 1594(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended. it is inserted after ""attempts"" ""or conspires to"". if amended. if amended. if amended. restitution is a mandatory order under this section. a court may not decline to issue a restitution order under this section. a court may not decline to issue an order under this section because of economic circumstances of the defendant. section 2423(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or"" and inserting. or (3) production of child pornography, as defined in section 2256(8). if you have a child pornography problem, you may have a problem.section 2252(b)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ""this chapter,"" ""section 1591,"" and repeat Offenders. Section 2426(b)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or following 109A,"" and inserting after ""chapter 110"" the following ""or section 1591"" "
540,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Transportation shall initiate a rulemaking to consider prescribing or amending Federal motor vehicle safety standards. the Secretary shall prescribe, under section 30111 of title 49, United States Code, the safety standards described in paragraph (1) not later than 30 months after the date of enactment of this Act. if the Secretary determines such safety standards are reasonable, practicable, and appropriate, the Secretary shall prescribe final standards pursuant to this subsection not later than the Secretary shall provide information about hazards to children in nontraffic, noncrash incidents. or creating a new consumer information program relating to child safety. in carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall utilize information collected pursuant to section 2(f) regarding nontraffic, noncrash injuries, and other relevant data the Secretary considers appropriate. if the Secretary determines that the deadlines applicable under this Act cannot be met, the Secretary shall establish new deadlines and notify the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate."
541,"<pad> summarize: cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cn section 405 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence. the term 'agricultural producer' includes a producer of nursery or fernery crops. the secretary of agriculture shall implement the amendment made by subsection (a) beginning in counties declared to be disaster areas by the President or the Secretary due to Hurricane Dennis, Hurricane Katrina or Hurricane Rita. Section 10201 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 is amended by striking paragraph (1). the term <unk> eligible orchardist' means a person that produces annual crops from trees for commercial purposes. or a nursery grower that produces field-grown trees, container-grown trees, or both, if or not the trees produce an annual crop, intended for replanting after commercial sale. the secretary of agriculture shall implement the amendment the secretary of agriculture shall use the funds, facilities, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this Act. such funds shall remain available until expended. if expended. if expended.the Secretary of Agriculture may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act and the amendments made by this Act. procedures are required to promulgate such regulations and administration of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. the statement of policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971. the amounts provided under this Act or under amendments made by this Act are designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 402 of H. Con. Res. 95. the amounts provided under this Act or under amendments made by this Act to respond to Hurricane Dennis, Hurricane Katrina, or Hurricane Rita are designated as an emergency requirement."
542,<pad> summarize: sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin mccarthy's sen. martin sen. martin sen. martin sen. sen. martin sen. sen
543,"<pad> summarize: october 2015 marks the fourth year of the ongoing conflict in Syria. the united nations resolution 2191 expresses outrage. more than half of Syria's population is internally displaced as of March 2015.congress condemns ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons. calls on all parties to the conflict to immediately halt indiscriminate attacks on civilians. calls on the president to support efforts to ensure accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed during the conflict.report required under subsection (a) may be in unclassified or classified form. report required under subsection (a) may be in unclassified or classified form. report required under subsection (a) may be in unclassified or classified form. report required under subsection (a) may be in unclassified or classified form."
544,<pad> summarize: section 222 is amended by inserting after paragraph (21) the following new item relating to section 222A. the term 'eligible educational institution' has the meaning given the term 'institution of higher education' in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965.'qualified STEM contributions' means the amount paid or incurred during the taxable year to provide STEM services in the united states for the exclusive benefit of students at an elementary or secondary school. the term 'STEM property contribution' means the amount paid or incurred during the taxable year to provide STEM services in the united states for the exclusive benefit of students at an elementary or secondary school. enactment of STEM Education Opportunity Act is expected to take place 5 years after the enactment. the government Accountability Office will submit to congress a report. it details the efficacy of the STEM Education Opportunity Act in increasing higher education enrollment.
545,"<pad> summarize: ira imposed excise tax on sale of crude oil, natural gas or other taxable product a tax equal to the applicable percentage of the windfall profit on such sale as exceeds a reasonable profit. the term <unk> reasonable profit' means the amount determined by the Reasonable Profits Board to be a reasonable profit on the sale.CREDIT FOR PURCHASING FUEL EFFICIENT AMERICAN-MADE PASSENGER VEHICLES is amended by inserting after section 25D the following new item relating to section 25E. if an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the cost of any qualified passenger vehicle purchased by the taxpayer during the taxable year the secretary of transportation may make grants to the operator of a mass transit system. grants will be used solely for implementing a fare reduction described in subsection (a) that is applied equally to all passengers using the mass transit system. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. the Board shall make reasonable profit determinations for purposes of applying section 5896 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. members shall have no financial interests in any of the businesses for which reasonable profits are determined by the Board. members shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with section 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. "
546,"<pad> summarize: a stock life insurance company shall be treated as a mutual life insurance company if stock possessing at least 80 percent of the total combined voting power of such stock life insurance company entitled to vote. if stock possessing at least 80 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such stock life insurance company entitled to vote, the amount allowed as a deduction shall not exceed the lesser of 90 percent of the policyholder dividends paid or accrued by Section 848 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Exemption for Small Life Insurance Companies. This section shall not require any small life insurance company to capitalize any specified policy acquisition expenses for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 1994. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO USE OF INCREASED REVENUES. any increase in revenues to the Treasury resulting from the amendments will be dedicated to the funding of deficit reduction, tax incentives for the economic growth of small life insurance companies and programs benefiting nutrition, early education, housing."
547,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds that the United States makes substantial contributions and provides significant funding for major international development projects. these international development projects are often plagued with fraud, corruption, waste, inefficiency and misuse of funding. independent third-party procurement monitoring is an important tool for detecting and preventing such impediments. identifying these impediments after they occur is inadequate and meaningless.the term ""appropriate committees"" means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Technology of the Senate and the Committee on Commerce of the House of Representatives. independent third-party procurement monitoring means a program to eliminate bias, promote transparency and open competition, and minimize fraud, corruption, waste, inefficiency, and other misuse of funds in international procurement.the Secretary of the Treasury shall transmit to the president and to appropriate committees of Congress a strategic plan requiring the use of independent third-party procurement monitoring and other international procurement reforms relating to the United States participation in multilateral development banks and other lending institutions. the strategic plan shall include an instruction by the Secretary of the Treasury to the United States Executive Director of each multilateral development bank and lending institution. Section 4 shall not apply with respect to a country if the President determines with such respect that making funds available is important to the national security interest of the United States. any such determination shall cease to be effective 6 months after being made unless the President determines its continuation is important to the national security interest of the United States. "
548,"<pad> summarize: a quadrennial Energy Review of the Department of Energy serves as the basis for coordination with other agencies and on other programs for which the Department has a key role. a Quadrennial Energy Review should be established taking into account estimated Federal budgetary resources. the review will have substantial input from Congress, (B) the energy industry, (C) academia, (D) nongovernmental organizations.the term 'Federal Laboratory' has the meaning given the term 'laboratory' in section 12(d) of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 USC. 3710a(d)). the term 'interagency energy coordination council' means a federally funded research and development center sponsored by a Federal agency. each Quadrennial Energy Review shall be conducted to provide an integrated view."
549,"<pad> summarize: fbi finds 8,583 of the 12,664 murders were committed using a firearm. more than 57 per cent were perpetrated with a firearm. digital manufacturing technologies are rapidly advancing to a point where it will soon be possible to fabricate fully operational firearm components.section 2(f)(2) of Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 is amended by striking ""25"" and inserting ""35"". '25' is inserted in the ""35"" section. '35' is inserted in the ""35"" section. 'Receiver Security Exemplar' means, with respect to a rifle or a handgun, an object, to be fabricated at the direction of the Attorney General. 'Receiver Security Exemplar' means, with respect to a rifle or a handgun, an object, to be fabricated during the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subparagraph. 'Receiver Security Exemplar section 922(p) of title 18, United States Code is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (ii) and inserting "", and"" and adding at the end the following. the term <unk> Magazine Security Exemplar' means an object, to be fabricated at the direction of the Attorney General, that is constructed during the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subparagraph."
550,"<pad> summarize: section 313(a) of the federal water pollution control act (33 USC. 1323(a) is amended by striking the third sentence and all that follows through the period at the end of the last sentence and inserting: ""the Federal, State, interstate, and local substantive and procedural requirements, administrative authority, and process and sanctions referred to in this subsection include, but are not limited to, all administrative orders and all civil and administrative penalties and fines"" if a violation is a violation of section 301, 302, 306, 307, 308, 311, 318 or 405 of this Act. if a violation is a violation of section 404 of this Act, the Administrator or Secretary may issue an order. the administrator or Secretary may suspend or revoke any permit issued under this subsection. section 309(d) of the federal water pollution control act is amended. the second sentence of section 309(d) is amended by inserting ""the amount of any penalty previously imposed on the violator by a court or administrative agency for the same violation or violations""Section 502(5) of the federal water pollution control act is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end. Section 311(a)(7) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ""and any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States"". section 502 of the federal water pollution control act is amended by adding at the end the term 'radioactive materials' includes source materials, special nuclear materials, and byproduct materials. the term 'radioactive materials' includes source materials, special nuclear materials and byproduct materials. "
551,"<pad> summarize: pulmonary hypertension may worsen to the point where the patient is completely bedridden. despite the importance of early diagnosis on prognosis, pulmonary hypertension is rarely picked up in a routine medical exam. nearly three out of four patients have advanced pulmonary hypertension by the time they are accurately diagnosed.INTERAGENCY PULMONARY HYPERTENSION COORDINATING COMMITTEE aims to make recommendations relating to pulmonary hypertension. the committee shall develop and annually update a summary of pulmonary hypertension advances in medical research and treatment development and improvement. the committee may establish subcommittees and convene workshops and conferences. a member appointed to fill a vacancy for an unex report submitted under subsection (a) contains information on pulmonary hypertension and trend data of such incidence since the date of enactment. information on effectiveness and outcomes of interventions for individuals diagnosed with pulmonary hypertension, including mortality rate. information on breakthroughs in basic science as well as translational and clinical research activities.this Act shall not apply after September 30, 2018. the Interagency Pulmonary Hypertension Coordinating Committee shall be terminated on such date. the interagency Pulmonary Hypertension Coordinating Committee shall be terminated on such date. "
552,"<pad> summarize: Section 101(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (USC. 1278a(a) is amended by striking ""(b) beginning on the dates provided in paragraph (2),"" in paragraph (1) and inserting ""(b),"". (2) by striking """" in paragraph and inserting ""if it is manufactured after the date on which such limit takes effect"" section 14(g) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 USC. 2063(g) is amended by adding at end thereof the following. the manufacturer or private labeler of a product certifies that the component does not contain more lead than the limit established by section 101(a)(2) of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (15 USC. 1278a(a)(2).the Consumer Product Safety Commission or the Attorney General of any State may initiate an enforcement proceeding under the Consumer Product Safety Act or the Federal Hazardous Substances Act. if the Commission fails to comply with the requirements of the following provisions of law, it will not initiate an enforcement proceeding unless 30 days after the date on which the Commission promulgates a final rule. section 20(c) of the consumer product safety act is amended. it is amended by adding: ""the Commission shall waive any civil penalty under this section if the Commission determines that the violation is the first violation of section 19(a) by that person. the person was acting in good faith with respect to the act or omission that constitutes the violation""the consumer product safety Commission shall develop a compliance guide for small enterprises to assist them in complying with the requirements of the Consumer Product Safety Act and other Acts enforced by the Commission. the guide shall be designed to assist small enterprises to determine whether the Consumer Product Safety Act applies to their business activities. if they are considered distributors, manufacturers, private labelers, or retailers under the Act."
553,"<pad> summarize: the term ""eligible complaint"" means any written complaint that is not employment related. a complainant may file a civil action under subsection (d)(1) if the complainant has not filed a civil action. a civil action may be filed if a complainant has not filed a civil action."
554,"<pad> summarize: federal health resources provided by the people of the u.s. are by their nature scarce and should therefore be effectively and efficiently used. in 1982, Congress authorized health resources sharing between Department of Defense medical treatment facilities and Department of Veterans Affairs health care facilities in order to allow more effective and efficient use of their health resources.the secretaries shall jointly identify five qualifying sites at which to conduct a demonstration project. a qualifying site is an area in the united states in which one or more military treatment facilities and one or more VA health care facilities are situated in relative proximity to each other. a unified management system includes a unified budget and financial management system for those facilities. a military treatment facility participating in the demonstration project shall be considered to be a military treatment facility for purposes joint medical facility will be selected jointly by the two Secretaries. the location for the new joint medical facility shall be at a location where both a current Department of Veterans Affairs medical center and a current Department of Defense military treatment facility are in need of replacement. or situated so as to provide improved access to eligible veterans and eligible military beneficiaries in a location where only one Department of Veterans Affairs medical center or military medical treatment facility is serving one of those beneficiaries.integration or consolidation of graduate medical education programs would lead to increased efficiencies by eliminating duplicative administrative processes and streamlining and consolidating joint training programs. allow increased clinical training sites in Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs accredited programs and make Department of Veterans Affairs facilities available to military reserve health care professionals education programs. Section 8111(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""may enter into"" and inserting ""shall"" Section 1104 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ""may"" and inserting ""shall"" not later than february 1, 2003, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the committees of Congress a joint interim report on the conduct of programs under this Act through the end of the preceding fiscal year. the Secretaries shall include in the report a description of activities under this Act and any cost savings anticipated at facilities participating in the demonstration project."
555,"<pad> summarize: Congress created the Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs in 1998. 76 percent of high-income high school graduates enroll in college or trade school. only 49 percent of low-income graduates achieve this educational milestone.the Secretary may award a grant under this chapter for 7 years. eligible entities may be eligible under this chapter. a prior, demonstrated commitment to early intervention leading to college access through collaboration and replication of successful strategies. a prior, demonstrated commitment to early intervention leading to college access through collaboration and replication of successful strategies. a prior, demonstrated commitment to early intervention leading to college access through collaboration and replication of successful strategies.Section 404B(g)(1) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (A) by striking ""and"" at the end of clause (ii) and adding at the end the following subparagraph: provide services under this chapter: provide services under this chapter to students who have received services under a previous GEAR UP grant award but have not yet completed the 12th grade.""Section 404C is amended in subsection (b) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ""and accrued over the full duration of the grant award period"" after ""in cash or in kind"" in paragraph (2). each dollar of non-Federal funds obligated under subsection (1) and (c)(2) shall, for purposes of paragraph (1), be treated as 2 dollars. section 404D is amended in subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii) by striking ""and academic counseling"" and inserting "", academic counseling,"" and financial literacy and economic literacy education or counseling. fostering and improving parent and family involvement in elementary and secondary education by promoting the advantages of a college education. engaging entities described in section 404A(c) (2) in a collaborative manner to provide matching resources and participate in other activities authorized under this section 404E is amended in subsection (a)(1) by inserting ""scholarships to students to supplement aid for which they are regularly eligible"" in subsection (b)(2), by striking ""the maximum Federal Pell Grant"" and inserting ""the minimum Federal Pell Grant"" Section 404H is amended by striking ""$200,000,000 for fiscal year 1999 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years"" and inserting ""$500,000,000 for fiscal year 2008 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 6 succeeding fiscal years"" "
556,"<pad> summarize: u.s. sanctions on uranium enrichment and reprocessing activities involving Iran revoked in 2008. u.s. depository institutions are no longer authorized to process transfers involving Iran. u.s. sanctions on u.s.-iranian foreign banks imposed by u.s. embassy. u.s. sanctions on u.s.-iranian foreign sally kohn: u.s. should continue to support diplomatic efforts to end terrorism. kohn: u.s. should take all possible measures to discourage foreign banks. kohn: u.s. should take all possible measures to discourage foreign banks. the head of an executive agency may impose remedies as provided in this subsection if the head of the executive agency determines that the contractor has submitted a false certification under subsection (a) the head of an executive agency may terminate a covered contract with a company upon the determination of a false certification under paragraph (1). if the president determines and certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees that it is in the national interest to do so.state or local government may adopt and enforce measures to prohibit the State or local government from entering into or renewing a contract for the procurement of goods or services. a state or local government may adopt and enforce measures to prohibit the State or local government, as the case may be, from entering into or renewing a contract. this Act shall terminate 30 days after the date on which the President has certified to Congress that the Government of Iran has ceased supporting acts of international terrorism and no longer satisfies the requirements for designation as a state-sponsor of terrorism. he has permanently ceased the pursuit, acquisition, and development of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons and missiles.the term ""company"" means a sole proprietorship, organization, association, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, venture, or other entity, its subsidiary or affiliate. the term ""affiliate"" means any individual or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the company. the term ""affiliate"" means a sum of money or other resources derived from United States taxpayers."
557,"<pad> summarize: Section 5001 of ARRA is amended in subsection (a)(3), by striking ""first calendar quarter"" and inserting ""first 3 calendar quarters"" in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ""ending before October 1, 2010"" after ""entire fiscal years"" a state's FMAP is equal to the sum of the adjusted base FMAP. for each fiscal quarter occurring during the period beginning on July 1, 2011 and ending on December 31, 2013. a state's FMAP shall be equal to the sum of the adjusted base FMAP (as determined under section 4(a)(1)), (2) the general FMAP adjustment (as determined under section 4(a)(3)). fmap adjustment shall be equal to 5.7 percentage points. for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, 3.95 percentage points. for any subsequent fiscal quarter occurring during the ARRA transitional assistance period, 2.7 percentage points."
558,"<pad> summarize: the speaker of the house of Representatives and the president Pro Tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation of a gold medal of appropriate design. for the purpose of the presentation referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 2 at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the bronze medals and the cost of the gold medal. if he sells duplicates in bronze of the gold medal, he may strike and sell duplicates.the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31.there is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund, such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the cost of the medals struck pursuant to this Act. Proceeds of Sale deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. "
559,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> Chesapeake Bay' means all tributaries, backwaters, and side channels, including their watersheds, draining into the Chesapeake Bay in a Chesapeake Bay state. the term <unk> owner' means an owner of nonindustrial private forest land."
560,<pad> summarize: the administrator may award grants to not more than 10 eligible entities to establish or maintain a flood emergency fund to be used for emergency flood activities described in subsection (f) a plan describing the emergency flood activities for which the funds may be used may be used. a description of non-Federal contributions to the flood emergency fund will be used to support ongoing administrative project maintenance.
561,"<pad> summarize: the Commission shall develop a strategic plan that identifies the best methods available to marshal the resources of the Federal Government, State governments, local governments, the private sector, and academia. such plan shall take into account actions previously taken by the Federal Government, State governments, local governments, the private sector, and academia. the Commission shall also examine ways to ensure that the United States can use all available feedstocks for hydrogen production. vacancies in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. Individuals appointed under subsection (a) shall have at least 5 years of professional-level experience in science, technology, engineering, or public policy. individuals appointed under subsection (a) shall have at least 5 years of professional-level experience in science, technology, engineering, or public policy. the staff of the Commission shall be appointed subject to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. they shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of that title relating to classification and general Schedule pay rates.the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent may take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. if authorized by the Commission, the Commission may secure from any department or agency of the United States information necessary to enable it to carry out this Act. report will contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions. report will contain recommendations for legislation, administrative actions, and other actions. enactment of this Act will take place 8 months a year. the report will be sent to the congress not later than 8 months. "
562,"<pad> summarize: charitable organizations permitted to collect and disperse deductible contributions for certain individuals who are injure or killed in an Effort to protect life or property. if the requirements of paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) are met the term 'eligible individual' means any individual who is injured or killed in an effort to protect life or property if such individual is injured or killed while on duty as any Federal, State"
563,"<pad> summarize: Section 4973 of such Code is amended by inserting after paragraph (17) the following new item: ""Section 223. Cross reference"" a volunteer firefighter savings account is exempt from tax if a contribution is paid or distributed to an account holder if such contribution exceeds the amount allowable as a deduction."
564,<pad> summarize: a member of the Armed Forces who violates the policy established pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be subject to prosecution under the Uniform Code of Military Justice Punitive Article. a member of the Armed Forces who violates the policy established pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be subject to prosecution under the Uniform Code of Military Justice Punitive Article. the secretary of each military department shall revis
565,<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a veterans conservation corps to assist veterans in the transition from service in the Armed Forces to civilian life. the Secretaries referred to in paragraph (1) and the Chief of Engineers shall each provide oversight of the projects for which they employ veterans under this subsection. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may provide assistance to the Secretaries referred to in paragraph (1).
566,"<pad> summarize: he was one of the most extraordinary men of the generation that founded the united states. he was one of the best-known americans who has ever lived. he was the only American to sign all 5 enabling documents of the united states.ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the Benjamin Franklin Tercentenary Commission. there is established a commission to be known as the Benjamin Franklin Tercentenary Commission. ESTABLISHMENT.the commission shall have the following duties. to study activities by the Government that would be fitting and proper to honor Benjamin Franklin on the occasion of the tercentenary of his birth. to recommend to the Congress in one or more of the interim reports submitted under section 9(a) the activities that the Commission considers most fitting and proper to honor Benjamin Franklin.a qualified citizen is a citizen of the u.s. with a substantial knowledge and appreciation of the work and legacy of Benjamin Franklin. two members, at least one of whom shall be a Senator, appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. two members, at least one of whom shall be a Senator, appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. Advisory Committee. The Commission shall form an advisory committee. it will be composed of representatives of the major extant institutions founded by or dedicated to Benjamin Franklin. Advisory Committee. The Commission shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent may take any action that the Commission is authorized to take by this Act. the Commission may secure from any department or agency of the United States information necessary to enable the Commission to carry out this Act. appointment may be made without regard to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. appointment may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III relating to classification and general schedule pay rates. the final report will contain a detailed statement of the activities of the Commission. the final report shall contain a detailed statement of the activities of the Commission. the final report shall contain a detailed statement of the activities of the Commission.TERMINATION: The Commission shall terminate 120 days after submitting its final report................there are authorized to be appropriated $500,000 for the period of fiscal years 2002 through 2007 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. there are authorized to be appropriated $500,000 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. "
567,"<pad> summarize: short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents.families with high shelter expenses. Section 102. Basic benefit level. Section 103. Continuing benefits to eligible households. Section 104. Homeless families in transitional housing. Section 106. Households benefiting from general assistance vendor payments. Section 107. Helping low-income high school students. Section 5(e) of the Act (7 USC. 2014(e) is amended by striking ""$1,091,000,000"" and inserting ""$1,133,000,000"" and inserting ""$1,158,000,000"" Section 201 of this Act shall become effective on July 1, 1993. "
568,"<pad> summarize: Section 484(l)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""in whole or in part"" and inserting ""predominantly"", (B) by striking ""of 1 year or longer"" and all that follows through ""all courses at the institution"" accrediting agency or association reauthorizes the program. an institution complies with this clause if the institution has been certified as eligible to participate in programs under this title for at least four years. an institution complies with this clause if the institution has been certified as eligible to participate in programs under this title for at least four years. the institution has not been subject to any action to suspend, revoke, withdraw, or terminate Section 496 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subsection (n)(3). an agency or association that seeks to evaluate institutions offering distance education programs within its scope of recognition shall include accreditation of institutions offering distance education programs within its scope of recognition. an agency or association that seeks to evaluate the quality of institutions offering distance education programs within its scope of recognition shall demonstrate to the Secretary."
569,"<pad> summarize: the medal presented under paragraph (1) shall be maintained and displayed at the Brown Foundation of Topeka, Kansas. for purposes of the presentation referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 2 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal.the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. authority to USE FUND AMOUNTs is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
570,"<pad> summarize: if the employer receives such a notice from the Secretary of homeland security, the employer shall notify the Secretary of homeland security in writing. if the employee is not authorized to be employed in the united states, the employer may contest the accuracy of such notice. if the employee fails to notify the Secretary of homeland security, the employer shall so notify the secretary of homeland security."
571,"<pad> summarize: voluntary protection program is based upon and consistent with the voluntary protection programs carried out by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. the secretary of Labor shall establish and carry out a voluntary protection program to encourage excellence and recognize the achievement of excellence in both the technical and managerial protection of employees from occupational hazards. a site with respect to which a voluntary protection program has been approved shall, during participation in the program, be exempt from inspections or investigations. the secretary of labor shall establish and implement, by regulation, a program to increase participation by small businesses in the voluntary protection program established under section 2 through outreach and assistance initiatives and the development of program requirements that address the needs of small businesses. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2011 and each succeeding fiscal year. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary."
572,"<pad> summarize: Section 102 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Section 7528. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE USER FEES. General Rule"" Section 201 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed."
573,"<pad> summarize: 1.2 percent of licensed firearms dealers account for a large proportion of the firearms traced from crimes. in 1998, just over 450 licensed firearms dealers had traced 10 or more guns that were used in crimes within 3 years after they sold them. Section 923g(1)(B)(ii)(I) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""once"" and inserting ""3 times"". if amended, if amended. if amended. Section 924(a)(3) of title 18 is amended by striking ""one year"" and inserting ""5 years"". if amended. if amended. if amended. if amended. if amended. section 924(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code is amended. if the violation is in relation to an offense under subsection (a)(6) or (d) of section 922, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years.the Attorney General may suspend or revoke any license issued under this section or may subject the licensee to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 per violation if the holder has willfully violated any provision of this chapter or any rule or regulation prescribed by the Attorney General under this chapter. if the Attorney General denies an application for a license or suspends or revokes a license or assesses a civil penalty, the Attorney General Section 925(b) of title 18 is amended by striking ""until any conviction pursuant to the indictment becomes final"". the indictment is inserted ""until the date of any conviction pursuant to the indictment becomes final""limits on Authorization of Appropriations imposed for hiring and training of 500 additional inspectors. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. "
574,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: u.s. supports democracy, respect for human rights and rule of law. kohn: last parliamentary election in Belarus deemed to be free and fair. kohn: u.s. has a vital interest in independence, respect for human rights. kohn: u.s. has a vital interest in democracy, respect for human rights. kohn: u.s. the assistance under this section shall be available for the following purposes. to encourage free and fair presidential, parliamentary, and local elections. to assist in restoring and strengthening institutions of democratic government in Belarus. activities supported include the observation of elections and promotion of free and fair electoral processes.a section of this section authorizes increased support for u.s. government and surrogate radio broadcasting. it is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. it is authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year. it is the purpose of this section to authorize increased support.the sanctions described in subsections (c) through (f) shall apply with respect to the Republic of Belarus until the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that it is important to the national interests of the United States to do so. a full accounting of the disappearances of opposition leaders and journalists in Belarus, including Victor Gonchar, Anatoly Krasovsky, Yuri Zakharenka, and Dmitry Zava MULTILATERAL COOPERATION It is the sense of Congress that the President should continue to seek to coordinate with other countries, particularly European countries, a comprehensive, multilateral strategy to further the purposes of this Act.the president shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report. a report transmitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. a report transmitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. a report transmitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified anne Congress expresses its support to those in the Republic of Belarus seeking to promote democracy and the rule of law and consolidate the independence and sovereignty of Belarus. calls upon the Lukashenka regime to cease its persecution of political opponents and to release those individuals who have been imprisoned for opposing his regime. ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committee on international relations of the house of representatives. the term ""OSCE"" means the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. the term ""senior leadership of the Government of Belarus"" includes the president, prime minister, Deputy prime ministers, government ministers."
575,"<pad> summarize: district court promulgates its own procedures and criteria for the selection of neutrals. each person serving as a neutral in an alternative dispute resolution process should be qualified and trained to serve as a neutral in the appropriate alternative dispute resolution process. each district court shall issue rules under section 2071(a) relating to the disqualification of neutrals. district court may allow referral to arbitration of civil action pending before it if parties consent. district court may presume damages are not in excess of $150,000 unless counsel certifies that damages exceed such amount. a district court may presume damages are not in excess of $150,000 unless counsel certifies that damages exceed such amount. a district court that authorizes arbitration shall establish standards for the certification of arbitrators. the standards include provisions requiring that any arbitrator shall take the oath or affirmation described in section 453. all individuals serving as arbitrators in an alternative dispute resolution program under this chapter are performing quasi-judicial functions. section 656 of title 28, United States Code is amended. subpoenas for attendance of witnesses and production of documentary evidence at an arbitration hearing under this chapter. section 656 of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. a district court referred the case to arbitration. an arbitrator's award will be filed promptly after the arbitration hearing is concluded. the district court will not admit at the trial de novo any evidence of arbitration. the district court will not admit at the trial de novo any evidence relating to arbitration.Section 658 of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. compensation of arbitrators and neutrals Compensation. district court may reimburse arbitrators and other neutrals if any incurred incurred in the performance of duties under this chapter. a district court may reimburse arbitrators and other neutrals. the sums may be necessary to carry out chapter 44 of title 28. if appropriated for each fiscal year, there may be sums necessary to carry out chapter 44 of title 28. if appropriated for each fiscal year, the sums may be necessary.Section 901 of the Judicial Improvements and Access to Justice Act is amended by striking subsection (c). other conforming amendments. chapter 44 of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. the item relating to chapter 44 in the table of chapters for Part III of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows."
576,"<pad> summarize: a significant portion of the remaining grassland is on working ranches. many ranchers are also concerned about losing the open spaces and ""big sky"" central to the ranching way of life. ranching forms the economic backbone for much of the rural area of the western United States. easement payments may be provided in not less than one payment or more than 10 annual payments of equal or unequal amount. if an organization holding an easement under this subchapter dies, becomes incompetent, is otherwise unable to receive the payment. easement payments may be provided in not less than one payment or more than 10 annual payments of equal or unequal amount. easement payments may be section 1241(a)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended. it inserts ""subchapters C and D"" in the section 1241(a)(2). it also inserts ""subchapters C and D""."
577,"<pad> summarize: Section 1902 of the Social Security Act is amended in subsection (a)(10) by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph. a state plan for medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended. a state plan for medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended. a state plan for medical assistance under title XIX will not be regarded as failing to comply. Section 2616 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""the State shall "" and inserting ""the State "". if a State is allocated a non-Federal contribution, it may not receive it unless the State agrees that, with respect to the costs to be incurred by the State in carrying out section 2616. if the allocation determined under clause (i) for the fiscal year involved exceeds section 2618(b)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act is amended. each of the several States and the district of Columbia for a fiscal year shall be the greater of $250,000. each of the several States and the District of Columbia for a fiscal year shall be the greater of $250,000."
578,<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Labor shall not prescribe any regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 defining the circumstances under which an individual is considered a fiduciary until the date that is 60 days after the Securities and Exchange Commission issues a final rule relating to standards of conduct for brokers and dealers. the Commission shall not promulgate a rule pursuant to paragraph (1). it will provide a report to the House of Representatives. it will not describe whether retail investors are being harmed due to brokers or dealers operating under different standards of conduct than those that apply to investment advisors.
579,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Religious Freedom and Respect in the Armed Forces"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on religious freedom and respect in the Armed Forces"" ""religious freedom"" means the freedom to choose one's religious beliefs. ""religious freedom"" means the freedom to express such beliefs. ""religious freedom"" means the freedom to exercise religious beliefs, rituals and traditions without intimidation.review conducted by the Commission includes an examination of the issues of religious freedom and respect for the diversity of spiritual values in the Armed Forces. review includes an assessment of the policies, procedures, and responsibilities for the accommodation of religious exercise in the Armed Forces. a review of the report titled ""The Report of the Headquarters Review Group Concerning the Religious Climate at the US Air Force Academy"" the Commission shall be composed of 12 members, appointed from among individuals who are scholars, experts, or other individuals with substantial knowledge of or experience in the constitution and church-state relations, (2) pastoral care. two shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. two shall be appointed by the majority leader of the House of Representatives. the report will include an assessment of religious freedom. enactments to clarify the right of religious freedom in the Armed Forces. recommendations regarding how the Armed Forces can promote and enhance tolerance and respect.TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. the Commission shall terminate 60 days after the date on which it submits the report required under section 6........ funds will be provided from amounts appropriated for the department of defense. a total of 200,000 dollars will be raised. a total of 200,000 dollars will be raised a year a year a year a year a year. "
580,"<pad> summarize: veterans energy-related employment program is a pilot program aimed at promoting employment of eligible veterans. a state must submit a proposal for the expenditure of grant funds to establish and administer a public-private partnership program aimed at providing covered training, on-job training, apprenticeships, and certification classes to eligible veterans. veterans energy employers and labor-management organizations must reimburse such employers and organizations for the cost of providing covered training"
581,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Stark requirements for certain hospitals that were under construction or development as of December 30, 2010. modification of Stark requirements for certain hospitals that were under construction or development as of December 30, 2010. if you have any questions, please contact us on 020 555 111. Stark requirements for applicable hospitals to qualify for expansion of facility capacity. modifying Stark requirements for applicable hospitals to qualify for expansion of facility capacity. if you have a problem, you should check out the Stark requirements below.additional exception for physician ownership and investment for hospitals in financial distress. exception for physician ownership and investment for hospitals in financial distress. exception for physician ownership and investment for hospitals in financial distress. if you are a physician, you may be able to take a look at a physician's property.section 1877(i) of the social security act (42 USC. 1395nn(i) is amended in paragraph (1)(A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ""had"" in clause (i), by inserting the following.section 1877(i)(3) of the social security act is amended by striking subparagraphs (A), (E), (F), (H), and (I) a hospital may not effect an increase described in subparagraph (C) more often than once every 2 years.Section 1877(i) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395nn(i) is amended in paragraph (1)(A), as amended by section 2(1), by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: had a provider agreement under section 1866 in effect December 31, 2010, as of such date did not have physician ownership or investment, but after such date is determined to be in financial distress."
582,"<pad> summarize: obstetric fistula occurs when a woman suffers from prolonged, obstructed labor. obstetric fistula is a hole formed between the bladder and the vagina. obstetric fistula causes a host of newborn and maternal reproductive, mental, neurologic and orthopedic conditions. obstetric fistula is a social and health issue affecting women and girls. obstetric fistula survivors have access to free or affordable treatment. obstetric fistula survivors have access to free or affordable treatment. obstetric fistula survivors have access to free or affordable treatment. assistance authorized under this Act shall promote the coordination facilitated by the International Obstetric Fistula Working Group. it coordinates between donors, multilateral institutions, the private sector, nongovernmental and civil society organizations, and governments in order to support comprehensive prevention and treatment of obstetric fistula. and be used for the development and implementation of evidence-based programs, including monitoring, evaluation, and research to measure the effectiveness and efficiency of such programs."
583,<pad> summarize: a domestic corporation shall be treated as a qualified domestic corporation if it is actively conducting within Puerto Rico during the taxable year a line of business. Exception for corporations electing reduced credit. this section shall be applied separately with respect to each substantial line of business of the qualified domestic corporation. Section 936(j)(2)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. Exception for corporations electing reduced credit. Clause (i) shall only apply with respect to the lines of business described in clause (i) which the domestic corporation is actively conducting in a possession other than Puerto Rico during the taxable year.
584,<pad> summarize: there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who makes a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013 a tax determined in accordance with the following table. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly
585,"<pad> summarize: section 202 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. terms 'officer or employee' and 'employee' shall not include enlisted members of the Armed Forces. the terms 'officer or employee' shall not include an individual who is retained, designated, appointed, or appointed without compensation specifically to act as a representative of an interest on an advisory committee established pursuant to the"
586,"<pad> summarize: the head of each executive agency shall submit to the director of the office of management and budget a list of activities performed by Federal Government sources for the executive agency that are not inherently governmental functions. the entry for an activity on the list shall include: The fiscal year for which the activity first appeared on a list prepared under this section. the number of full-time employees that are necessary for the activity by a Federal Government source. a challenge to a list shall be submitted to an executive agency concerned within 30 days. an official designated by the head of the executive agency shall decide the challenge. an interested party may appeal an adverse decision to the head of the executive agency within 10 days after receiving a notification of the decision.this Act does not apply to or with respect to: General accounting office. the general accounting office. the general accounting office. a government corporation or a Government controlled corporation, as those terms are defined in section 103 of title 5, United States Code.the term ""federal government source"" means any organization within an executive agency that uses Federal Government employees to perform an activity. the term is so intimately related to the public interest as to require performance by Federal Government employees. the term does not normally include gathering information for or providing advice, opinions, recommendations, or ideas to Federal Government officials.this Act shall take effect on October 1, 1998. the act will take effect on October 1, 1998............... "
587,"<pad> summarize: the term 'eligible entity' refers to providers of mental health services reimbursed under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. the term <unk> qualified mental health professionals' refers to teachers, community mental health professionals, nurses, and other entities as determined by the Secretary who have additional training in the delivery of information on mental illness to children and adolescents. if the maximum number of grants to be awarded under paragraph is not awarded, the Secretary shall award"
588,"<pad> summarize: Section 441 of the district of Columbia Home Rule Act shall not apply with respect to fiscal year 2014 or any succeeding fiscal year, without regard to whether or not the fiscal year is a control year. Section 441 shall not apply without regard to whether or not the fiscal year is a control year. Section 602(c) of such Act (sec. 1-206.02 is amended in the second sentence of paragraph (1). Title IV of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act is amended by adding at the end the following subpart. the provisions of subparts 1 through 5 shall not apply. the process and rules by which the District of Columbia issues bonds or otherwise borrows money shall be established under such laws as may be enacted by the District.Subchapter III of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or of the District of Columbia government"" Section 1341(a)(1), Section 1342, Section 1349(a). Section 1350. Section 1351. Repeal of Provisions Relating to Appropriations. Section 1351 is amended by striking ""or the Mayor of the District of Columbia, as the case may be""Section 603(a) of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ""for a fiscal year which is a control year"". the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2014 and each succeeding fiscal year.Section 816 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 is amended by striking ""Beginning in fiscal year 2009 and each fiscal year thereafter"" section 818 of such Act is amended by striking ""Beginning in fiscal year 2009 and each fiscal year thereafter,"" and inserting the following: ""With respect to fiscal years 2009 through 2013 and any fiscal year thereafter which is a control year"""
589,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established in the executive branch a commission. there is established a commission on evidence-based policymaking. there is a commission to be known as the ""Commission on evidence-based policymaking""three shall be appointed by the President, of whom 1 shall be an academic researcher, data expert, or have experience in program administration. and 1 shall have expertise in database management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. three shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate, of whom 2 shall be academic researchers, data experts, or have experience in program administration. and 1 shall have expertise in database management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. the Commission shall conduct a comprehensive study of the data inventory, data infrastructure, and statistical protocols related to Federal policymaking. make recommendations on how data infrastructure and protocols should be modified to best fulfill the objectives identified in paragraph (1). make recommendations on how best to incorporate outcomes measurement, institutionalize randomized controlled trials, and rigorous impact analysis into program design. the heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsibility. the commission shall meet not later than 30 days after the date upon which a majority of its members have been appointed. rules of procedure include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. the commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as PERSONNEL director will be appointed by the chairperson. he will be paid at a rate established by the chairperson and co-chairperson. appoint and fix the pay of additional staff as the Director considers appropriate.TERMINATION. The Commission shall terminate not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take place on thursday thursday thursday. "
590,"<pad> summarize:......................... a community economic adjustment plan with respect to a military installation must be prepared in accordance with this section. if the use of any portion of the installation is determined not to be economically practicable, a proposal for the utilization of such portion for such purposes, including a specific description of such utilization. if the utilization of such portion is determined not to be economically practicable, a detailed explanation of the analysis supporting that determination. if a community"
591,"<pad> summarize: i) of section 51(c)(4)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""December 31, 2012"" and inserting ""December 31, 2016"" effective date. the amendment shall apply to individuals who begin work for the employer after December 31, 2012.subparagraph (D) of section 51(d)(13) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. a pre-screening notice contains qualified veteran status documentation, qualified proof of unemployment compensation and an affidavit furnished by the individual stating, under penalty of perjury, that the information provided under clauses (i) and (II) is true. the amendment made by this section shall apply to individuals c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""qualified tax-exempt organizations"" and inserting ""by certain employers"" amounts appropriated by the preceding sentence shall be transferred from the general fund at such times and in such manner as to replicate to the extent possible the transfers which would have occurred to such Trust Fund. report will include the results of a survey conducted in consultation with the Veterans' Employment and Training Service of the Department of Labor. it will determine how many veterans are hired by each employer that claims the credit under section 51. if required, it will determine how many veterans are hired by each employer that claims the credit under section 51.the secretary of the Treasury shall pay to each possession of the united states with a mirror code tax system amounts equal to the loss to that possession. such amounts shall be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on information provided by the government of the respective possession of the United States. the preceding sentence shall not apply unless such possession establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the possession has implemented an income tax benefit. "
592,"<pad> summarize: the average American child watches 8,000 murders and 100,000 acts of violence on television. most of the violence on tv is presented during times when children are likely to be viewing. psychologists have raised concerns among psychologists.a toll-free number is set up within 6 months of enactment. a summary of the complaints is published in the Federal Register. transcribed comments, suggestions, and complaints are available for public inspection."
593,"<pad> summarize: Section 302(b) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 302a(b)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof. the Commission shall review and revise such regulations as necessary in response to subsequent changes in technology or behavior. Section 705 of the Communications Act of 1934 is amended in the heading of such section, by inserting ""interception or"" after ""unauthorized"" in the first sentence of subsection (a), by inserting ""intentionally"" before ""intercept"" in the second sentence of subsection (a), by inserting ""intentionally"" before ""intercept,"" and by inserting ""and divulge"" and inserting ""or divulge"""
594,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that most sweatshop employers violate recordkeeping requirements. a lack of reliable and available information impairs consumers' ability to freely and knowingly choose whether to purchase garments made in sweatshops. a lack of recordkeeping and inadequacy obstruct consumers from freely and knowingly choosing whether to buy garments that are made under sweatshop conditions. a lack of reliable and available information impedes consumers' ability to freely and 'apparel' means a garment designed or intended to be worn by men, women, children, or infants. the term 'apparel' means any person who contracts directly or indirectly with an apparel manufacturer to manufacture apparel. 'apparel' means a garment designed or intended to be worn by men, women, children, or infants. 'apparel' means a garment designed or intended to be sold or offered section 16(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 is amended by adding after the first sentence. any person who fails to maintain or submit information, records, or contracts under section 11A shall be subject to a civil penalty of $5,000 for each employee to whom such records pertain. "
595,"<pad> summarize: Section 1902(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1396a(a)(25) is amended. it specifies whether the State is delegating to the managed care entity all or some of its right of recovery. if a right of recovery was delegated under clause (i)(I), accept such transfer of assignment of rights. if an assignment of rights was delegated under clause (i section 1902(a)(25) of the social security act amended by section 2. it is further amended by inserting, after subparagraph (E), that if such insurer contracts with a pharmacy benefit manager to manage benefits under the health plan offered by such insurer, such contract shall require that the pharmacy benefit manager regularly report to the State any data obtained by the pharmacy benefit manager that is relevant, as determined by the State. the Secretary of health and human services will develop and make available to the States a model uniform reporting field identifying third-party health insurers (including self-insured plans, group health plans and other relevant information for ascertaining the legal responsibility of such third parties to pay for care and services available under the State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act. Section 1903(d)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act is amended by section 2. it is amended by adding at the end the following: ""in the case of expenditures for medical assistance provided during 2014 and subsequent years for newly eligible individuals"" if a State fails to comply with additional requirements for the state plan for medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act, the reductions under the previous sentence shall be cumulative for each such subsequent fiscal year. if a State fails to comply with such additional requirements for consecutive fiscal years, the reductions under the previous sentence shall be cumulative for each such subsequent fiscal year. if a State fails to comply with such additional requirements for consecutive fiscal years this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to medical assistance provided on or after such date. Exception if State Legislation Required. "
596,"<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should prioritize the investigation of terrorist and illicit use of new financial technology, including digital currencies... it is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should prioritize the investigation of terrorist and illicit use of new financial technology. independent financial technology Task Force is established. it shall consist of the Secretary of the Treasury. he shall serve as the head of the Task Force. he shall conduct independent research on terrorist and illicit use of new financial technologies, including digital currencies. the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish a program to pay a reward. if fines and forfeitures are not sufficient to pay such reward. if the amount of fines and forfeitures related to such conviction are not sufficient to pay such reward. if the amount of fines and forfeitures related to such conviction are not sufficient to pay such reward.FINTECH LEADERSHIP IN INNOVATION FUND is set to be established. there is established a fund to be known as the ""FinTech Leadership in Innovation Fund,"" which shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury without further appropriation or fiscal year limitation, to carry out this section. grants for the development of tools and programs to detect terrorist and illicit use of digital currencies. the Secretary may make grants under this subsection to entities located in ""digital currency"" means a digital representation of value used as a medium of exchange, unit of account, or store of value. the term ""terrorist"" includes a person carrying out domestic terrorism or international terrorism."
597,"<pad> summarize: the method of solicitation and selection of participants in the educational program. information regarding the cost of the educational program and information regarding the distribution of any enrollment fee, including the amount paid for, and the percentage of the total educational program cost of each feature of the educational program. information regarding the distribution of any enrollment fee, including the amount paid for, and the percentage of the total educational program cost of each feature of the educational program. educational organization shall include a verifiable statement on all enrollment or recruitment material that the educational organization does not fail or refuse to hire, or discharge, any individual. or exclude any student from participation in an educational program, discriminate against any student in providing the benefits associated with such program, or subject the student to discrimination under such program.if an educational organization knowingly violates any provision of this Act, the Secretary of Education may impose a fine of not more than $1,000 for each such violation. if an educational organization knowingly violates any provision of this Act, the Secretary of Education may impose a civil fine of not more than $1,000. "
598,"<pad> summarize: Section 1834(l)(3) of the social security act (42 USC. 1395m(l)(3) is amended to read as follows: Payment rates. in the case of ground ambulance services furnished under this part in 2006, the Secretary shall set the payment rates under the fee schedule for such services based on the rule established under paragraph (1). the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2006. Section 1834(l)(12) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395m(l), as amended by section 415(a) of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Modernization, and Improvement Act of 2003, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph.the secretary shall establish a system or systems for the coding of claims for ambulance services for which payment is made under this subsection. the code set established under subparagraph (A) shall take into account the list of medical conditions developed in the course of the negotiated rulemaking process conducted under paragraph. "
599,"<pad> summarize: $1 silver coins will weigh 26.73 grams weighing 26.73 grams. they contain 90 percent silver and 10 percent copper. legal tender is provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. all coins minted under this Act shall be considered numismatic items.the Secretary shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act only from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. he shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act. he shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act. he shall obtain silver from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. design of the coins minted under this Act will be emblematic of the tenure of Associate Justice Thurgood Marshall on the supreme court of the u.s. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary after consultation with the Supreme Court Historical Society. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning 90 days after the enactment of this Act. sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. surcharge provided in subsection (d) with respect to such coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. no provision of law governing procurement or public contracts shall be applicable to the procurement of goods and services necessary for carrying out the provisions of this Act. Subsection (a) shall not relieve any person entering into a contract under the authority of this Act from complying with any law relating to equal employment opportunity.all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Historical Preservation Committee of the Supreme Court Historical Society for the purpose of collecting and preserving the physical history of the Supreme Court. the acquisition and preservation of documents, portraits, and period furnishings of historical significance affecting the history of the Supreme Court.no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Administration Board."
600,"<pad> summarize: congress makes findings on the highest strategic interest of the united states. it is in the highest strategic interest of the United States to field a fully operational missile defense system to defend against threats from intercontinental ballistic missiles of rogue nations.the director of the Missile Defense Agency shall administer an intercept flight test of the ballistic missile defense element. the director shall ensure that each test carried out under subsection (a) provides, when possible, for one or more of the following: Validation of the operational effectiveness of the ground-based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system. the director may forgo a test under subsection (a) in a fiscal year if the Secretary of Defense determine"
601,"<pad> summarize: it shall not constitute discrimination for purposes of this Act for a surety to make an inquiry of marital status if such inquiry is for the purpose of ascertaining the applicant's rights and remedies applicable to the granting of a bond and not to discriminate in a determination of bondability. a surety must provide a statement of reasons within 30 days after receipt by the surety of a request made within 60 days. any surety who fails to comply shall be liable to the aggrieved applicant for any actual damage sustained by such applicant. a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin a surety from violating the requirements of this Act or grant such other equitable relief as the court determines to be appropriate to enforce such requirements. section 9304 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph. a corporation may not be approved as a surety by the Secretary of the Treasury unless such company maintains full compliance with the requirements of this Act. Section 9305(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph. Sections 2(d) and 4(a) shall take effect on the earlier of the effective date of the initial regulations prescribed pursuant to section 4(d) or the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act."
602,"<pad> summarize: a qualified employer is treated as having made a payment against the tax imposed by section 3111(a) or section 3221(a), whichever is applicable, for each qualified quarter an amount equal to the credit amount. if any, the credit amount with respect to any qualified quarter is equal to the applicable percentage with respect to any qualified quarter. a qualified employer comes into existence after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Job Creation Tax"
603,<pad> summarize: amendments made by this Act apply with respect to deaths occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply with regard to deaths occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act.
604,"<pad> summarize: fewer than 350 animals remain in the western North Atlantic. accidental collisions of ships with right whales have been identified as the leading cause of human-related mortality. at least 16 deaths attributable to ship strikes along the east coast of the u.s. since 1970. the Secretary of Commerce shall institute a North Atlantic Right Whale Recovery Program. the program established under subsection (a) shall include the following research, management, and enforcement elements. activities to reduce mortality and injury due to collisions with vessel traffic. the Secretary of Commerce shall develop cooperative agreements under section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. determine annually the funding needs and levels appropriate for Federal support to encourage the establishment of such programs. if federal funding is not enough, the Secretary of Commerce will develop cooperative agreements based on the endangered Species Act.n.a.'s right whale recovery plan implementation teams identify near-term demonstration projects. project determined to have potential for immediate impact on reducing mortality. detecting and tracking of North Atlantic Right Whales in critical habitat, high use areas.the Secretaries of Commerce and Transportation shall develop a comprehensive program to prevent ship strikes of Northern Atlantic Right Whales by January 1, 2003. the program will include an Atlantic Coast vessel early warning system, with participation by the United States Coast Guard, the United States Navy, the Army Corps of Engineers, and State and local government agencies. the program will include a coordinated communications system for notifications to mariners. the program should evaluate technologies that could be used aboard ships to n.a. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w. w.the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Transportation shall ensure cooperation of Federal agencies and departments. within 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of Commerce shall report to the Congress on any further funding requirements necessary to implement the North Atlantic Right Whale Recovery Plan.the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Secretary of State, shall initiate or continue discussions with Canada to coordinate programs concerning North Atlantic Right Whales. tracking whales in the Gulf of Maine and adjacent areas of the United States and Canadian Exclusive Economic Zone, (3) disentanglement efforts.nsa will transmit a report to the congress no later than March 1 of each year. the report sets forth actions taken pursuant to the updated North Atlantic Right Whale Recovery Plan. the report will be sent to congress no later than march 1 of each year. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce, for purposes of carrying out the Department of Commerce's functions and responsibilities under this Act, $4,500,000 for fiscal year 2002 and $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2003 and 2004. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation, for purposes of carrying out the Department of Transportation's functions and responsibilities under this Act, $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2002 and $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years"
605,"<pad> summarize: amendments to this section apply to property acquired by the taxpayer after march 31, 1993. property acquired by the taxpayer after march 31, 1993. amendments apply only to the extent thereof attributable to construction, reconstruction, or erection after such date."
606,"<pad> summarize: there are approximately 25,000,000 veterans in the u.s., including approximately 19,300,000 veterans of a period of war. the number of veterans seeking medical care in Department medical facilities is increasing nationwide. the fiscal year 1997 medical care caseload of the Department was 2,700,000.sally kohn: secretary of Veterans Affairs should require directors of health care networks to systematically share information. kohn: such networks need exchange and mentoring programs in order to facilitate the sharing of such information. kohn: such networks must meet uniform quality and patient satisfaction goals. kohn: a formal oversight process should ensure all such networks meet uniform efficiency goals.the inspector general conducts an audit of the quality of health care furnished by each health care network, and by each health care facility, of the Department. each audit under paragraph (1) shall measure the quality of health care furnished by the Department. an audit shall be conducted under paragraph (1) for each health care network, and for each health care facility, not less often than once every three years.the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, acting through the Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs, shall issue on an annual basis efficiency goals and quality and patient satisfaction standards in the provision of health care to veterans for each Department health care facility. each report under subparagraph (A) shall set forth a comparison between the performance of each Department health care facility with respect to such goals and standards.Section 7322 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting a new item relating to section 7321. sen. john mccain, sen. martin mccain, sen. martin mccain, sen. martin mccain, sen. martin mccain, sen. martin mcca the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on efficiencies in the furnishing of health care to veterans. the report will include a survey of each health care network of the department. an assessment of the extent to which such networks, and the facilities within such networks, are or are not implementing uniform, Department-wide policies to increase efficiency in the furnishing of health care to veterans. "
607,"<pad> summarize: Section 8 of the federal fire prevention and control Act of 1974 is amended by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f) the Administrator will develop new measurement techniques and testing methodologies based on new firefighting technologies. he will use existing measurement techniques and testing methodologies to evaluate new firefighting technologies based on techniques and methodologies described in subparagraph (A)Section 10 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 is amended by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c) the Administrator shall provide technical assistance and training to state and local fire service officials to establish nationwide and State mutual aid systems for dealing with national emergencies that include threat assessment and equipment deployment strategies. within 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall revise that Agency's Federal Response Plan to Section 8(d)(1) of the federal fire prevention and control Act of 1974 is amended by striking ""and"" after the semicolon in subparagraph. the amended subparagraph (F) is redesignated as subparagraph (N) as subparagraph (N) "
608,"<pad> summarize: the term ""business entity"" means any organization, corporation, trust, partnership, sole proprietorship, unincorporated association, or venture established to make a profit. the term ""commerce"" has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 USC. 2052(a)).business entities located in the united states must disclose their physical location at the beginning of each customer service communication so initiated or received. the requirements of subsection (a) shall not apply to a customer service communication involving a business entity if all of the employees or agents of the business entity participating in such communication are physically located in the united states. the requirements of subsection (a) shall not apply to an employee or agent of a business entity participating in a customer service a failure to comply with the provisions of section 3 shall be treated as a violation of a regulation under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 USC. 57a(a)(1)(B)) regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices. any person who violates regulations promulgated under this Act shall be subject to the penalties. "
609,"<pad> summarize: the Commissioner of US Customs and Border Protection shall every fiscal year hire, train, and assign not fewer than 500 new officers above the level as of September 30 of the immediately preceding fiscal year. the total number of officers equals the requirements identified each year in the Agriculture Resource Allocation Model developed by the Commissioner. investigators are authorized to hire, train, and assign support staff, including technicians, to perform non-law enforcement administrative functions to support the new officers hired pursu sen. robert mccarthy: the report identifies infrastructure improvements at ports of entry. he says detection equipment that would improve the ability of such officers to identify such drugs and other dangers that are being illegally transported into the united states. mccarthy: a report identifies conditions in which effective technology in use at certain ports of entry cannot be implemented at other ports of entry. there is authorized to carry out this Act $82,775,000 in fiscal year 2018 and $93,095,000 for each fiscal year 2019 through 2024. there is authorized to carry out this Act $82,775,000 in fiscal year 2018 and $93,095,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2024."
610,"<pad> summarize: the amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. section 56(g)(4)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. Clause (i) shall not apply to any deduction allowable under section 404(k) if the deduction is allowed for dividends paid on employer securities held by an employee stock ownership plan established or authorized be established before March 15, 1991. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to sales after the date of the enactment of this Act. if any other person owns more than 25 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the corporation which issued such employer securities. if any other person owns more than 25 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes congress finds that since 1974, the ownership of many small business concerns has transitioned to an employee stock ownership plan. a small business concern that was eligible under the Small Business Act before being so acquired on behalf of the employees by an ESOP will no longer be treated as eligible. a small business concern that was eligible under the Small Business Act before being so acquired on behalf of the employees by an ESOP will no longer be treated as eligible. a"
611,"<pad> summarize: the last national resource assessment of geothermal energy resource sites in the united states was completed in 1978. many Federal land management agencies are not aware of geothermal energy resources and fail to recognize geothermal energy resources during the land use planning process. failure to recognize geothermal energy resources poses significant delays in geothermal resource development. the secretary of energy shall review the available assessments of geothermal energy resources available within the united states and undertake new assessments as necessary, taking into account changes in market conditions, available technologies, and other relevant factors. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall publish a report based on the assessment under subsection (a) the report shall contain a detailed inventory describing the available amount and characteristics the Secretary of the Interior shall expedite development of geothermal energy in making revisions to land use plans under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 while protecting other resources. he shall expedite development of geothermal energy in making revisions of land and resource management plans under section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 while protecting other resources. no rights-of-way in this subsection shall preclude lease and permit applications are enacted under the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970. if the application is found not to contain sufficient information to allow processing the application. if the application is found not to contain sufficient information to allow processing the application. if the application is found not to contain sufficient information to allow processing the application.the geothermal Steam Act of 1970 is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary of the Interior may reimburse a person who is a lessee, operator, operating rights owner, or applicant for a lease under this Act for reasonable amounts paid by the person for preparation by the Secretary. the amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to any lease entered into before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. to carry out section 5 through 7 there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior such sums as may be necessary. the secretary of the. the interior department is responsible for determining the appropriate amount. if necessary. "
612,"<pad> summarize: authority exercised on date of enactment shall expire 2 years later unless extended by legislation. enactment of this Act shall expire 2 years later unless extended by legislation. enactment of this Act will expire 2 years later. no funds, resources, or fees made available to the Director of US Citizenship and Immigration Services by any Act for any fiscal fiscal year. no funds, resources, or fees made available to the Director of US Citizenship and Immigration Services by any Act for any fiscal year, including any deposits into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. the memorandum from the Director of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled"
613,"<pad> summarize: section 45(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C) and by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: Expansion of facility. such term shall include a new unit placed in service after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph in connection with a facility described in subparagraph (A)(i) paragraph (1) of section 45(c) of such Code, as amended by section 1, is amended by striking ""or (9)"" and inserting ""(9), or (11)"" the term'marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy' means energy derived from waves, tides, and currents in oceans, estuaries, and tidal areas, free flowing water in rivers, lakes, and streams. paragraphs (2)(A)(i)(II) and (A)(ii) are each amended by striking ""January 1, 2009"" and inserting ""January 1, 2019"" fuel cell property. the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 25D(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term <unk> qualified geothermal heat pump property expenditure' means an expenditure for qualified geothermal heat pump property installed on or in connection with a dwelling unit referred to in subparagraph (A) or as a thermal energy sink to cool such dwelling unit. section 30B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. j of section 30B is amended by striking subsection (f). Effective dates. Extension. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. "
614,"<pad> summarize: 84 percent of firearms accidents involved people who didn't follow basic safety rules. the term 'locking device' means a device which prevents discharge of the firearm. the secretary may issue an order prohibiting the manufacture, sale, transfer, or delivery of trigger lock devices."
615,"<pad> summarize:......................... the homeland security Act of 2002 is amended by redesignating section 879. it relates to title VI and section 601, respectively. a new version of this Act may be cited as the ""Homeland Security Policy Act of 2005"""
616,"<pad> summarize: Section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended by striking paragraphs (10), (11), (13), (14), and. by redesignating paragraph (12) as paragraph (10), and by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (d). exclusions. Section 2 of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended by striking subsections (d), (e), (g), (h), and (i) Section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended in paragraph (10)(a)(x) by striking """" and inserting a period. Section 5a of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended in subsection (a)(1), by striking ""or electronic trading facility with respect to a significant price discovery contract"" and inserting a period."
617,"<pad> summarize: Section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is repealed. Section 254(c)(2) and 254(f)(2) of such Act are repealed. Section 254(c)(2) and 254(f)(2) of such Act are repealed.Section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Allocation to the committees on appropriations for emergencies. 1 percent shall be set aside for emergencies and may be used for no other purpose. Section 1105(a)(14) of title 31, United States Code is amended by inserting."
618,"<pad> summarize: a joint resolution is not enacted with respect to a certification under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be debatable. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. a joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business until disposed."
619,"<pad> summarize: short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. short title and table of contents. Congressional findings........................Submission of premium information to secretary of commerce.. submit of premium information to secretary of commerce.. submit of premium information to secretary of commerce.. submit of premium information to secretary of. commerce.. individual company retention. individual company retention. individual company retention.. individual company retention.. individual company retention.. individual company retention.. individual company retention.. individual company retention.. federal cost-sharing for commercial insurers. federal cost-sharing for commercial insurers. cost-sharing for commercial insurers varies from state to state. if you are a private insurer, you should be able to pay a premium. Terrorism loss repayment surcharge. surcharge based on terrorism loss rembursement. terrorism loss rembursement surcharge. terrorism loss rembursement surcharge.administration of surcharges. surcharges imposed by fbi. surcharges imposed by fbi. surcharges imposed by fbi. surcharges imposed by fbi. surcharges imposed by fbi.state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption. state preemption.Consistent state guidelines for coverage for acts of terrorism...................Consultation with state insurance regulators and NAIC.. if you have any questions, please contact the state insurance regulators if you have any questions. if you have any questions, please contact the state insurance regulators.punitive damages limit imposed on punitive damages. if punitive damages limit imposed on punitive damages limit imposed on punitive damages imposed on punitive damages imposed on punitive damages imposed on punitive damages.Definitions........................Regulations......................... the attacks have inflicted the largest losses ever incurred by insurers and reinsurers. the resulting disruption has created widespread market uncertainties. such uncertainty threatens the continued availability of commercial property casualty insurance for terrorism risk at meaningful coverage levels.the Secretary may require each insurer to submit, to the Secretary or to the NAIC, a statement specifying the aggregate premium amount of coverage written by such insurer for properties and persons in the united states under each line of commercial property and casualty insurance sold by such insurer during such periods as the Secretary may provide. a ""triggering determination"" is a determination by the Secretary. a commercial insurer's annual insured losses for covered lines resulting from acts of terrorism occurred in calendar year 2002 or 2003. a ""triggering determination"" is a determination by the Secretary. if an act of terrorism occurred in calendar year 2002 or 2003. the Secretary shall provide financial assistance, pursuant to a triggering determination, to commercial insurers in accordance with this section to cover insured losses resulting from acts of terrorism. the aggregate amount of financial assistance provided pursuant to this section may not exceed $100,000,000,000. limits are set out to ensure that payments are made only to commercial insurers that are not in default of any obligation under section 6 to collect surcharges. repayment may not exceed $50,000,000,000 policyholder premium surcharge shall apply to covered lines of insurance written during such period. the Secretary shall establish and impose a surcharge on covered lines of insurance written after such determination. if a triggering determination, the Secretary Provides Federal assistance to commercial insurers under this Act. if a surcharge under this section applies to covered lines of insurance written during such period, the Secretary may not exceed 6 percent of the policyholder's annual premium for the Secretary shall provide for the manner and manner of imposing surcharges under section 6. the timing and procedures of making such surcharges include notifying commercial insurers of surcharge requirements, collecting surcharges through commercial insurers and refunding or crediting any excess amounts remitted.a commercial insurer shall be considered to have complied with any State law that requires coverage for acts of terrorism if the insurer provides coverage in accordance with the definitions regarding acts of terrorism under the regulations issued by the Secretary. any provision of State law that requires, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of rates or policies for such insurance that is made available by an insurer licensed to transact such business in the State, any action other than filing such rates and Sense of congress aims to develop appropriate definitions for acts of terrorism and appropriate standards for making determinations relating to events or occurrences of acts of terrorism. each state should adopt the definitions and standards developed by the NAIC for purposes of regulating insurance coverage made available in that State. the Secretary shall consult with the state insurance regulators and the NAIC in carrying out this Act. the Secretary may take such actions, including entering into such agreements and providing such technical and organizational assistance to insurers and State insurance regulators. no punitive damages may be awarded. preceding sentence does not apply to a defendant who committed the act of terrorism or knowingly conspired to commit that act. Exception. the preceding sentence does not apply to a defendant who committed the act of terrorism or knowingly conspired to commit that act.the term ""act of terrorism"" means any act that the Secretary determines meets the requirements under subparagraph (B) if the act is unlawful. an act meets the requirements of this subparagraph if the act is unlawful. the term ""covered losses"" means direct incurred losses from an act of terrorism.the Secretary shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act. he shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this Act."
620,"<pad> summarize: TECHNOLOGY FOR TOMORROW'S TEACHERS is amended by adding at the end the following new part. the purpose of this part is to assist consortia of public and private entities in carrying out programs that prepare prospective teachers to use advanced technology in their classrooms. the Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements on a competitive basis to eligible applicants in order to assist them in developing or redesigning teacher preparation programs to enable prospective teachers"
621,"<pad> summarize: a joint resolution increasing the statutory limit on the public debt is amended. the term 'joint resolution' means the annual report on duplication, consolidation, and elimination of duplicative government programs required under section 21. a special message shall specify recommendations outlined in the proposed joint resolution that are excluded from the proposed joint resolution."
622,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that the incidence of violence motivated by the actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, or disability poses a serious national problem. such violence disrupts the tranquility and safety of communities and is deeply divisive. existing federal law is inadequate to address this problem.""hate crime"" has the same meaning as in section 280003(a) of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. the term ""hate crime"" has the same meaning as in section 280003(a)section 245 of title 18, United States Code is amended by redesignating subsections (c) and (d), respectively. whoever willfully causes bodily injury to a person or, through the use of fire, a firearm, or an explosive device, attempts to cause bodily injury to any person. or the acts committed in violation of this paragraph include kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, aggravated sexual abuse or an attempt to commit if appropriate, the United States Sentencing Commission shall amend federal guidelines. the guidelines will provide sentencing enhancements for adult defendants who recruit juveniles to assist in the commission of hate crimes. if appropriate, they will be amended to provide sentencing enhancements.the administrator shall make grants, in accordance with such regulations as the Attorney General may prescribe. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. a grant will be made to state and local programs designed to combat hate crimes committed by juveniles.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of the Treasury and the Department of Justice, including the Community Relations Service, for fiscal years 2007, 2008, and 2009. there are authorized sums necessary to increase the number of personnel to prevent and respond to alleged violations of section 245 of title 18."
623,"<pad> summarize: Section 201(c) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 401(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following. Trustees shall include a calculation of the present value of projected benefits to current participants minus the present value of projected revenues from current participants and current trust fund balances. the report shall also include the net present value calculations related to the Trust Funds specified in section 3 and such other supplemental information.not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Treasury shall analyze and report to Congress regarding the methodology and utility of preparing calculations of the net present value of specific provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that defer tax liability or cause long-term revenue effects that are not captured in a cash flow estimate over 5 or 10 years. long-term. not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, Section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end: Limitation to Budget Enforcement. it shall not be in order in the Senate or House of Representatives to consider any reconciliation bill or resolution reported pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget that increases the deficit or reduces the surplus.Section 252 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""enacted before September 30, 2002,"" and by adding at the end: Declaration of war. subsection shall apply in any fiscal year unless a declaration of war is in effect. it shall not apply in any fiscal year in which a declaration of war is in effect. "
624,<pad> summarize:......................... section 55 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. the term <unk> tentative minimum tax' has the meaning given to such term by section 55(b) a) is amended to read as follows. paragraph (5) of such Code is amended to read as follows.
625,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. no social security or SSI cuts. spokesman: no social security or SSI cuts. spokesman: SSI is not liable. spokesman: SSI is not liable. no Medicare cuts. no cuts......................no Medicaid cuts. no cuts. no cuts... no cuts... no cuts.... no cuts..... no cuts.no education cuts. no education cuts... no education cuts.. no education cuts.. no education cuts.. no education cuts.. no education cuts..Title IV of the Budget Control Act of 2011 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. ""405. No Social Security or SSI cuts"" the joint committee bill includes a provision that violates subsection (a), the expedited procedures in section 402 shall not apply to such bill.the joint select committee will not include in its proposed legislative language. section 405 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 405. the joint committee will not include in its proposed legislative language. the joint committee will not include in its proposed legislative language. if the joint committee bill includes a provision that violates subsection (a), the expedited procedures in section 402 shall not apply.Title IV of the Budget Control Act of 2011 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the joint committee shall not include in its proposed legislative language submitted pursuant to section 401(b)(3)(B)(iv) any provision that reduces eligibility, payments, or benefits, increases premiums or other cost-sharing, or otherwise reduce outlays under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the social security Act. the joint committee shall not include in its proposed legislative language submitted pursuant to section 401(b)(3)(B)(iv) any provision that reduces eligibility, payments, or benefits, or otherwise reduces outlays or budget authority under the Head Start Act. if the joint committee bill includes a provision that violates subsection (a), the expedited procedures in section 402 shall not apply to such bill."
626,"<pad> summarize: the president has challenged the united states with a goal of having the highest college graduation rate in the world by 2020. more than 80 percent of the 23,000,000 jobs that will be created in the next 10 years will require postsecondary education. only 36 percent of all 18- to 24-year-olds are currently enrolled in postsecondary education. the term ""director"" means the director of the national science foundation. ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" grants the public the right to access, customize, and distribute a copyrighted material. grants to eligible entities will result in the creation of a comprehensive slate of high-quality course materials for a variety of subject areas. grants awarded under this section shall be 1 year in duration. each eligible entity desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner.educational materials such as curricula and textbooks created through grants distributed by federal agencies, including the National Science Foundation, shall be licensed under an open license. the full and complete digital content of each of the materials created as described in subsection (a) shall be posted on an easily accessible and interoperable website, which shall be identified to the Secretary by the grant recipient. SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that institutions of higher education should encourage the consideration of open textbooks by professors. the principles established the right and responsibility of faculty members, individually and collectively, to select course materials pedagogically most appropriate for their classes. not later than September 30, 2015, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the committee on health, education, labor, and pensions of the Senate and the House of Representatives. a report detailing the open textbooks created, updated, or adapted under this Act, (2) the adoption of such open textbooks. and the savings generated for students, States, and the Federal Government through the use of open textbooks."
627,<pad> summarize:......................... ad valorem for fiberboard entries exceeding 0.8 grams per cubic centimeter described in subsection (d) may be liquidated or reliquidated under subsection (a) only if a request is filed with the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. if a request is filed with the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection not later than 90 days after the
628,<pad> summarize: a comma has been added to clause (ii) of subparagraph (A). a comma has been added to clause (ii) of subparagraph (A). a comma has been added to clause (ii) of subparagraph (A). a comma has been added to clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) amendments made by this Act shall apply only with respect to computation base years after 1982. notice and Procedures. 60-day grace period after initial issuance of final regulations for current beneficiaries and applicants. if such statement is submitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services not later than 60 days after the date of the first issuance in final form of such regulations.
629,"<pad> summarize: nearly 12,000,000 children under age 5 and 10,000,000 over the age of 5 are in some type of child care setting each day. more than 60 percent of children are cared for regularly in a child care setting each day. most common form of death among post-nationatal infants under age 1 is death occurring during sleep, as a result of incorrect sleeping practices. Section 658A(b)(5) of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 is amended. it is amended to read as follows: ""to ensure the health, safety, development and well-being of children in programs supported under this subchapter. Section 658E(c)(2)(F) of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 USC. 6858c(c)(2)(F) is amended by striking clause and all that follows and inserts: minimum health and safety training appropriate to the provider setting, including training on cardiopulmonary resuscitation, first aid, safe sleep practices. Section 658G of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 is amended. it is amended by striking ""choice,"" inserting ""choice"" and ""training, and other activities designed to ensure and improve the health and safety of children receiving child care services under this subchapter""Section 658K of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 is amended. it is striking the section header and inserting: ""Section 658K. REPORTS, AUDITS, AND INFORMATION"" the secretary will update training, instructional materials, and other information. "
630,"<pad> summarize: chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by transferring the text of section 3272 to the end of section 3271. the term <unk> grantee' means a party, other than the United States, to a grant agreement. the term <unk> armed forces' has the meaning given the term <unk> armed forces' in section 101(a)(4) of title 10. the term 'grantee' means the Attorney General may designate, conduct, and supervise investigations of any alleged offenses under chapter 3271 or 3272 of title 18, United States Code. if there is probable cause to believe such person committed an offence or offense, the Attorney General may request assistance from the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, or the head of any other Executive agency. the Attorney General may establish such procedures the Attorney General considers appropriate to ensure that Federal law enforcement agencies refer offense this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the Attorney General and the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government to which this Act applies shall have 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act shall be construed to limit or affect the application of extraterritorial jurisdiction related to any other Federal law. if this Act is amended, it will not be construed to limit or affect extraterritorial jurisdiction.for each fiscal years 2010 through 2015, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if necessary, the amount necessary to carry out this Act will be appropriated."
631,"<pad> summarize: 2012 is the 100th anniversary of the birth of Marine Corps Aviation. a number of long-established and essential hallmark qualities have been seen during past campaign successes. a number of such essential qualities, including adaptability, agility, and being of one mind, have been seen during past campaign successes. $10 gold coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender. each coin shall weigh 8.359 grams. the coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender. a legal tender will be made.. design of the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the warrior ethos of the United States Marine Corps. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary, after consultation with the Marine Corps Historical Division and the Commission of Fine Arts. only one facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the one-year period beginning on January 1, 2013.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $35 per coin. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins.all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Marine Corps Heritage Foundation for the purposes of construction of the Marine Corps Heritage Center. if deemed necessary, the Secretary will be able to pay any surcharges. "
632,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of the Treasury determines there has been a significant and broadly applicable decrease in the value of investment assets held by defined contribution plans and individual retirement accounts for any calendar year. the Secretary may allow taxpayers to use a later valuation date than would otherwise otherwise be required under Treasury Regulations to determine the required minimum distribution for such year from individual accounts. ira gov. eric liu is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (16) and inserting "", and"" after paragraph (17) the following new paragraph: any deduction allowed under section 404 by reason of section 404(a)(8)(C) shall be allowed, except that the amount of such deduction shall be determined without regard to this paragraph. amendment of 1986 Code applies to plan years beginning after December 31, 2011. section 436(j) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting "", and"", by striking ""under paragraph (1) by increasing"" and adding at the end the following subparagraph: without regard to the reduction under section 430(f)(4)(B).section 4972 is repealed for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2011. effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2011, section 4972 is repealed. if repealed, section 4972 will apply for taxable years.secretary of the Treasury revises rules governing interim amendments of qualified plans to provide greater flexibility. enactment of this Act will take into account the need for plan terms to reflect the benefits to which participants are entitled. Section 411 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Special Rule for Determining Normal Retirement Age for Certain Existing Defined Benefit Plans. in general. an applicable trust shall not fail to be treated as an applicable trust solely because the plan of which it is a part has a normal retirement age described in paragraph (2)(A)"
633,"<pad> summarize: the global illicit trade in wildlife may be worth up to $20,000,000,000 annually. the value of illegal wildlife trade was recently estimated at $2,800,000,000 annually. private ownership of and commerce in prohibited wildlife species has a substantial and detrimental effect on interstate commerce. private ownership of prohibited wildlife species contributes to swelling interstate traffic.section 2 of the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 is amended by adding at the end the following: Breed. the term <unk> breed means to facilitate the reproduction of a prohibited wildlife species for commercial use. <unk> breed means to facilitate the reproduction of a prohibited wildlife species for commercial use.section 3(a) of such Act (16 USC. 3372(a) is amended in paragraph (2) by adding ""or"" after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (3). in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by inserting ""(1) through (4)"" and ""(1) through (4)"". section 3(a)(4) does not apply to importation, exportation, transportation, sale, receipt, acquisition, breeding, possession, ownership, or purchase of an animal of a prohibited wildlife species. zoo accredited by association of zoos and aquariums.section 4(a)(1) of such Act (16 USC. 3373(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ""(a)(4),"" after ""subsections"" and inserting ""subsection (a)(4), (d),"" in paragraph (1) in subparagraph (A), by adding ""or"" after the comma at the end. section 5(a) is amended in paragraph (1) by inserting ""breed, possessed, owned,"" after ""acquired,"" and in paragraph (2) by inserting ""breeding, possessing, owning,"" after ""acquiring"" "
634,"<pad> summarize: israel has made incontrovertible and extensive efforts to resolve its conflict with the PLO by negotiating in good faith and offering concessions of a magnitude to demonstrate conclusively its clear commitment to reaching a just and enduring settlement of the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. israel has made incontrovertible and extensive efforts to resolve its conflict with the PLO by negotiating in good faith and offering concessions of a magnitude to demonstrate conclusively its clear commitment the president shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on compliance by the PLO or the palestinian Authority, as appropriate, with each commitment specified in section 2(1) and 2(3). if the President imposed one or more sanctions under section 4 during the period covered by the report, the report shall include a description of each such sanction imposed. each subsequent report shall be submitted on the date on which the President is next required to submit if the President fails to make a determination with respect to such compliance, the President shall impose one or more of the following sanctions. if the President determines that the PLO or the palestinian authority has not complied with each of the commitments specified in section 2(1) and 2(3). the Secretary of State shall not issue a visa to any member of the PLO or any official of the palestinian authority in the united states."
635,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered individual"" means an individual who interfaces with victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. the term ""demonstration site,"" with respect to an eligible entity, means if the eligible entity is a law enforcement agency described in paragraph (4)(A), the area over which the eligible entity has jurisdiction. the attorney general shall award grants on a competitive basis to eligible entities to carry out the demonstration program under this"
636,"<pad> summarize: centers for Medicare Medicaid Services misidentified the number of zip codes that would be impacted by the change based on the Office of Management and budget's revised delineations and updated rural-urban Commuting Area codes. the public had 60 days to submit comments, per the requirements of the Administration Procedures Act. secretary of health and human services shall issue a notice suspending through December 31, 2015 reclassification of rural to urban zip codes for payment under section 1834(l) of the social security Act. the secretary of health and human services shall ensure, subject to subsection (1), that claims for payment under the fee schedule under section 1834(l) of the social security Act are paid as if the reclassification of rural to urban zip codes applied under such final rule"
637,"<pad> summarize: Section 1400N(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""or 2008"" in paragraph (3)(A) and inserting ""2008, 2009, or 2010"" by striking ""during such period"" in paragraph (B)(ii) and inserting ""2008, 2009, or 2010""qualified low-income housing projects (as defined in section 42(c) in the second taxable year or later of the credit period. the qualified basis of such building for purposes of determining the new credits shall equal the excess of such building's qualified basis. the qualified basis of such building for purposes of determining the new credits shall equal the excess of such building's qualified basis as of the close of the first taxable year. Section 1400N(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (6) and by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph. credit allowable for buildings acquired during 10-year period. waiver may be granted under section 42(d)(6)(A) with respect to any building in the Gulf Opportunity Zone, the Rita GO Zone, or the Wilma GO Zone. Section 1400N(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7) and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph. increase in applicable fraction for mixed income projects. in general, the numerator of the applicable fraction under section 42(c)(1)(B) shall be increased by one or 5 percent of the total number of units for each building in the qualified low Section 1400N(a)(5)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding ""and"" at the end of clause (ii), by striking clause (iii), and by redesignating clause (iv) as clause. the amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after the date of the enactment of this Act.section 1400N(c) of the Internal Revenue Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph (6). a loan shall not be treated as a below market Federal loan solely by reason of any assistance provided under sections 106, 107, or 108 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 by reason of section 122 of such Act.special definitions and special rules for low-income units in section 42(i)(3) of such Code shall apply. this section shall take apply to bonds issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. if enactment of this Act is made. section 1400N(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. special rule for repairs and reconstructions. for purposes of section 143 and this subsection, any qualified GO Zone repair or reconstruction shall be treated as a qualified rehabilitation. the term <unk> qualified GO Zone repair or reconstruction' means any repair of damage caused by Hurricane Katrina, hurricane Rita, or hurricane Wilma to"
638,"<pad> summarize: edicts of youth offenders include a term of life without parole. edicts of youth offenders are ""marked and well understood"" edicts of youth offenders include a term of life without parole.each state shall have in effect laws and policies under which each child offender receives a meaningful opportunity for parole or other form of supervised release. this provision shall in no way be construed to limit the access of child offenders to other programs and appeals which they were rightly due prior to the enactment of this Act. this provision shall in no way be construed to limit the access of child offenders to other programs and appeal each state that has in effect laws and policies in accordance with the requirements of section 3 provides notice to the public of such laws and policies. such laws and policies will include a description of the opportunities for parole or supervised release available to child offenders who are serving a life sentence. a victim who was directly and proximately harmed as a result of an offense described in section 3(b) that was committed by such a child section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""A prisoner"" and inserting ""Except as otherwise provided by law, a prisoner"" the system will apply to child offenders serving a life sentence for federal offenses. the Attorney General grants grants to states to improve the quality of legal representation. grants are authorized to provide competent legal representation. a person is convicted of an offense committed before the individual attained the age of 18. he is sentenced to a term of imprisonment of life or the functional equivalent in years."
639,"<pad> summarize: 'Indian tribe' means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community. the term 'native American-serving institution' is not an eligible institution. grants and related assistance may be used to improve and expand capacity to serve members of one or more Indian tribes. Section 399(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""section 316"" and inserting ""sections 316, 317, and 318"" there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 318, $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2002."
640,"<pad> summarize: a Member of Congress shall be ineligible to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan if title 5, United States Code, at anytime during the 12-year period beginning on the date the Member begins his or her first term. a member may participate in the Thrift Savings Plan subject to section 8351 if title 5, United States Code, at anytime during the 12-year period beginning on the date the Member begins his or her first term. a member section 105(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall include in each report submitted under paragraph. this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. portion of annuity based solely on service as a Member of Congress shall not be subject to a cost-of-living adjustment under section 8340 or 8462 of title 5 of title 5. the portion of the annuity is based solely on service as a Member of Congress. section 601(a)(1) of such Act is repealed. paragraph (2) of section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 is repealed. section 601(a)(1) of such Act is repealed.it shall not be in order in the Senate or the House of Representatives to dispose of any amendment, bill, resolution, motion or other matter relating to the pay of Members of Congress unless the matter is decided by a rollcall vote."
641,"<pad> summarize: Section 1368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Distributions by an S Corporation to an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. if refund or credit of any overpayment of tax resulting from the application of the amendments made by this section is prevented at any time before the close of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act by the operation of any law or rule of law. section 56(g)(4)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. Clause shall not apply to any deduction allowable under section 404(k) if the deduction is allowed for dividends paid on employer securities held by an employee stock ownership plan established or authorized be established before March 15, 1991. the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1989. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to sales after the date of the enactment of this Act. if any other person owns more than 25 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the corporation which issued such employer securities. if any other person owns more than 25 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes a distribution may only be taken into account under clause (i) if such distribution is in the form of either employer securities (within the meaning of section 409(l) or cash proceeds resulting from the sale of such securities made not more than 180 days before the date of such distribution for the purposes of such distribution. a distribution may only be taken into account under clause (i) if such distribution is in the form of either employer securities (within the"
642,"<pad> summarize: the digital-to-analog converter box is a stand-alone device that does not contain features or functions except those necessary to enable a consumer to convert any channel broadcast in the digital television service. a reliquidation or reliquidation may be made under paragraph (1) with respect to goods entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after December 1, 2007. a reliquidation or reliquidation may be made under"
643,"<pad> summarize: the Bureau of prisons shall develop a comprehensive policy to provide HIV testing, treatment, and prevention for inmates within the correctional setting and upon reentry. aims: to stop the spread of HIV AIDS among inmates. to promote HIVAIDS awareness and prevention among inmates. health care personnel shall provide routine HIV testing to inmates. all HIV tests under this paragraph shall comply with the opt-out provision. if an inmate refuses a routine HIV test, health care personnel must provide counseling. Section 4014(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""for a period of 6 months or more"" section 4014(a) of title 18, United States Code is amended by inserting ""or under the Stop AIDS in Prison Act of 2011"" after ""under this section"" not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau shall provide a report to the Congress on Bureau policies and procedures to provide testing, treatment, and prevention education programs for hepatitis and other diseases transmitted through sexual activity and intravenous drug use. the Bureau shall consult with appropriate officials of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Office of National AIDS Policy, and the Center"
644,"<pad> summarize:......................... a rail carrier providing transportation subject to the jurisdiction of the Board under this part may store rail cars as described in subsection (a) only in accordance with a storage plan approved by the Board under subsection (b)(2). the Board may not authorize temporary storage under this paragraph if the Board determines that such storage poses a significant safety hazard, including to the safety of children."
645,"<pad> summarize: Section 891 of such Code, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ""the Secretary"" and inserting ""with respect to"" Section 891 of such Code, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: Doubling of rates of tax with respect to certain foreign countries."
646,"<pad> summarize: Section 8411(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (4) by inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (4). if the employee waives credit for such service under the Bank Plan, a payment to the Fund would have been deducted from pay.amendments made to chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. amended by inserting before section 8432 the following: ""8431. Certain transfers to be treated as a separation"" 8431 includes a transfer from a position that is subject to one of the retirement systems described in subsection (b) to a position that is not subject to any of them. amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on October 31, 1998. passed the house of representatives march 16, 1999. amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on October 31, 1998. amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on October 31, 1998."
647,"<pad> summarize: enactment of this Act entitles the Secretary of Defense to compile a list based on the latest information available. the list of persons who are Communist chinese military companies will be published in the Federal Register. a person is engaged in providing commercial services, manufacturing, producing, or exporting, and owned or controlled by the People's Liberation Army. ""People's Liberation Army"" means land, naval, and air military services. ""people's Liberation Army"" means any member of such service or of such police. ""people's Liberation Army"" is a ""people's Liberation Army"""
648,"<pad> summarize: the national fish Hatchery System consists of more than 60 hatcheries, seven fish technology centers, 9 fish health centers, and other fisheries program offices. it plays an integral role in the recovery of more than 50 threatened species and endangered species and the restoration of over 100 native species. it works with over 250 partners to help mitigate the impacts of aquatic habitat loss and invasive species. gift, devise, and bequests are accepted by the Secretary of the Interior. such acceptance may be subject to the terms of any restrictive or affirmative covenant, or condition of servitude if such terms are deemed to be compatible with the purpose for which acceptance is sought. if such terms are deemed to be in accordance with law and compatible with the purpose for which acceptance is sought. each pilot project shall provide for a volunteer coordinator for the hatchery facility. the volunteer coordinator may be responsible for assisting partner organizations in developing projects and programs under cooperative agreements under section 7(d) of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 USC. 742f(d))the Secretary of the Interior may approve projects and programs for a hatchery facility of the system. the facility promotes the stewardship of resources of the hatchery through habitat maintenance, restoration, and improvement, biological monitoring, or research. guidance developed under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior may develop or enhance hatchery educational programs as appropriate based on individual hatcheries and the opportunities available for such programs in state, local, and private schools. if approved, he should cooperate with state and local education authorities, and may cooperate with partner organizations in accordance with subsection (d). "
649,"<pad> summarize: a panzootic of highly pathogenic avian influenza strain H5N1 is a threat to global human health and the global poultry industry. the government of the united states lacks a comprehensive program to monitor wildlife health around the world. zoonotic diseases include avian influenza to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), from bovine tuberculosis to the Ebola virus. PURPOSE is to establish a Wildlife Global Animal Information Network for Surveillance. to better delineate potential threats to domestic animals, humans, and wildlife itself. to carry out a strategic wildlife health surveillance initiative that will provide regions, countries and specific locations with early warning information. the term ""Administrator"" means the administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. ""eligible organization"" chartered in the u.s. with extensive global wildlife health experience in tracking disease in wild birds and other wildlife. ""HPAI"" means highly pathogenic avian influenza.the administrator and the eligible organization shall establish a Wildlife Global Animal Information Network for Surveillance. the eligible organization shall collaborate with appropriate Federal and State agency partners, including the Department of Agriculture, acting through the Agricultural Research Service, and the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. the administrator shall request accredited colleges of veterinary medicine and medicine and other Wildlife GAINS partners.there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2012. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2012."
650,<pad> summarize:......................... 'qualified day-care facility' means a facility jointly operated by more than 1 employer.'recapture event' means a cessation of operation.'recapture event' occurs on the first day of taxable year in which the qualified day-care facility is placed in service.
651,<pad> summarize: national emergency medical services memorial foundation may establish a commemorative work on federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate emergency medical services' commitment and service. federal funds may not be used to pay any expense of the establishment of the commemorative work under this section. if upon payment of all expenses for the establishment of the memorial there remains a balance of funds received for the commemorative work.
652,"<pad> summarize: section 223 is amended by inserting after section 221 the following new section 222. the term <unk> applicable percentage' means 20 percent reduced by 1 percentage point for each $1,000 by which the taxpayer's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year exceeds $50,000. the term <unk> modified adjusted gross income' means an amount equal to the excess of the earned income of the spouse for the taxable year."
653,"<pad> summarize: ""classroom-usable"" means such equipment that does not require an upgrade of hardware or software to be used by an educational recipient or military family recipient. ""community-based educational organization"" qualifies as a nonprofit educational institution or organization for purposes of section 549(c)(3) of title 40, United States Code. ""educational recipient"" means a school or a community-based educational organization. federal agencies must protect and safeguard potential educationally useful Federal equipment that has been determined to be surplus. each federal agency shall protect and safeguard potential educationally useful Federal equipment that has been determined to be surplus. such equipment may be transferred under this Act.each Federal agency shall identify potential educationally useful Federal equipment that the Federal agency no longer needs or such equipment that has been declared surplus in accordance with section 549 of title 40, United States Code. a nonprofit refurbisher under subsection (d) transfers the equipment directly to an educational recipient or military family recipient. a refurbishment of potential educationally useful Federal equipment to educational recipients and military family recipients shall be made at the lowest cost to the recipient permitted the Administrator of general services shall prescribe rules and procedures to carry out this Act. he shall prescribe rules and procedures to carry out this Act. he shall prescribe rules and procedures to carry out this Act. he shall prescribe rules and procedures to carry out this Act.this Act supersedes Executive Order No. 12999 of April 17, 1996. it was passed on january 17, 1996. it was passed on january 17, 1996..... RULE OF CONSTRUCTION Act may not be construed to create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law by a party against the United States or its agencies, officers, or employees."
654,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary may sell or exchange, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, any or all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to land described in subsection (a). if the Secretary determines that the conveyance of land is not adequate or not in the public interest. the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey, without consideration, to the City of Oakridge, Oregon. acreage and description may not include the five residential properties on the upper portion of Tract WIL-D, generally located west of Rigdon Drive. the map referred to in subsection (a) shall be available for public inspection in the office of the Chief of the Forest Service. the map referred to in subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Chief of the Forest Service. "
655,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> qualified mortgage insurance' means mortgage insurance provided by the Veterans Administration, the Federal Housing Administration, or the Rural Housing Administration. no deduction shall be allowed for the unamortized balance of such account if such mortgage is satisfied before the end of its term. the preceding sentences shall not apply to amounts paid for qualified mortgage insurance provided by the Veterans Administration or the Rural Housing Administration.iraq's 6050H is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Returns Relating to mortgage insurance premiums. the Secretary may prescribe, by regulations, that any person who, in the course of a trade or business, receives from any individual premiums aggregating $600 or more for any calendar year shall make a return with respect to each such individual. such return shall be in such form, shall be made the amendments made by this Act shall apply to amounts paid or accrued after the date of enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date. the amendments shall apply. to amounts paid or accrued after the date of enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date."
656,"<pad> summarize: Section 1602 is amended by adding at the end: Coordination With CALFED Bay-Delta Program. The Secretary shall coordinate projects under this title with projects and programs referred to in the CALFED Bay-Delta Environmental Enhancement and Water Security Act of 1969. each project under this title shall be carried out in compliance with the national Environmental Policy Act of 1969. california's reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is amended by inserting after section 1601 the following: ""Subtitle A Specific Projects"" a federal share of the cost described in subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the project. Limitation. Funds provided by the Secretary shall not be used for operation or maintenance of any project described in subsection (a) Section 1605 of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is amended by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e) and by inserting after subsection (c) the following: west Basin Comprehensive Desalination Demonstration Program.section 1613 of the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: Water Recycling Project. in general. the Secretary may participate in the design, planning, and construction of a water recycling project, to be known as the 'City of Los Angeles Water Recycling Program' the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is amended in section 1640. in subsection (a), by striking ""1630"" and inserting ""1632"" the table of contents in section 1601 is amended by inserting ""subtitle A Specific Projects"""
657,"<pad> summarize: ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations and committee on Appropriations of the Senate. committee on foreign affairs and committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations.UNESCO says 130,000,000 girls around the world are not in school. girls between the ages of 10 and 19 are three times more likely than boys to be kept out of school. disparities in access to safe and quality education manifest early in adolescence. each year, 380,000 adolescent girls and young women become newly infected. adolescent girls education challenge fund is set up by the u.s. agency for international development. adolescent girls education challenge fund is set up by u.s. agency for international development. u.s. ambassador-at-large is authorized to initiate and advance programs aimed at adolescent girls."
658,"<pad> summarize: Section 4081(a)(2) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: Adjustment for inflation. in the case of a calendar year beginning after December 31, 2015, the rates of tax in paragraphs (1)(C) and (iii) shall each be increased by an amount equal to such rate, multiplied by the cost of living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting <unk> calen <unk> eligible individual' means any nonresident alien individual. the term <unk> earned income' has the meaning given by section 32(c)(2). 'earned income' has the meaning given such term by section 32(c)(2). 'eligible individual' means any individual other than any nonresident alien individual. Section 9503(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. it is amended by adding at the end: Transfers from highway trust fund for certain repayments of certain advances. no amount shall be transferred under this paragraph after the aggregate amount transferred under subparagraph (A) equals $11,000,000,000. the amendments will take effect on august 1, 2015."
659,"<pad> summarize: 9602. Compensation and performance management system Establishment. 9601. Definitions, applicability definitions. 9601. definitions. Applicability definitions. 9601. definitions. Applicability definitions. government Accountability Office submits report to appropriate committees of Congress. report includes assessment of overall effectiveness of such system. report includes recommendations for any legislation or administrative action deemed appropriate. a pay and classification system different from the system set forth in chapter 51 and subchapter III."
660,"<pad> summarize:......................... 'bullying' means conduct based on a student's actual or perceived identity based on race, color, national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, religion, or any other distinguishing characteristics. the term 'harassment' means conduct that is based on a student's actual or perceived identity with regard to race, color, national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, sexual orientation, religion, or any other distinguishing characteristics"
661,"<pad> summarize: short title, amendment of 1986 Code. table of contents. table of contents................. Extension of Build America Bonds.......................exempt-facility bonds for sewage and water supply facilities. bonds for sewage and water supply facilities are exempt. bonds for sewage and water supply facilities. exempt bonds for sewage and water supply facilities.exonration from alternative minimum tax treatment for certain tax-exempt bonds. exonration from alternative minimum tax treatment for certain tax-exempt bonds. exonration from alternative minimum tax treatment for certain tax-exempt bonds.Extension and additional allocations of recovery zone bond authority. recovery zone bond authority is governed by a bond authority. a recovery zone bond authority is governed by a bond authority. a recovery zone bond authority is governed by a bond authority.Allowance of new markets tax credit against alternative minimum tax. new markets tax credit against alternative minimum tax.............. tax-exempt eligibility for loans guaranteed by federal home loan banks. extension of tax-exempt eligibility. if approved by federal home loan banks. if approved by federal home loan banks. if approved by federal home loan banks.extension of temporary small issuer rules for allocation of tax-exempt interest expense by financial institutions. financial institutions have imposed temporary small issuer rules. a tax-exempt interest expense can be allocated by small issuers. Subparagraph (B) of section 54AA(d)(1) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2011"" and inserting ""January 1, 2013"" and by inserting ""a particular date"" a reduction in Percentage of Payments to Issuers is required.paragraph (3) of section 7871 is amended by striking ""(4), (5), (6),"" and inserting ""(6)"" Exception for bonds for water and sewage facilities. the amendments made by this section shall apply to obligations issued after the date of the enactment of this Act.Clause (vi) of section 57(a)(5)(C) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2011"" in subclause (I) and inserting ""January 1, 2012"" and by striking ""and 2010"" in the heading and inserting "", 2010, and 2011"" Section 1400U-2 and section 1400U-3(b)(1) are each amended by striking ""January 1, 2011"" and inserting ""January 1, 2012"" a county or municipality shall be treated as having waived any portion of an allocation made under this paragraph.subparagraph (B) of section 38(c)(4) is amended by redesignating clauses (v) through (ix) as clauses (vi) through (x), respectively, and by inserting after clause (iv the following new clause: the credit determined under section 45D, but only with respect to credits determined with respect to qualified equity investments. the amendment shall apply to credits determined with respect to qualified equity investments. Clause (iv) of section 149(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ""December 31, 2010"" and inserting ""December 31, 2011"". federAL HOME LOAN BANKS LOAN BANKS LOAN BANKS LOAN BANKSclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of section 265(b)(3)(G) are each amended by striking ""or 2010"" and inserting "", 2010, or 2011"" the amendment shall apply to obligations issued after December 31, 2010."
662,<pad> summarize: iraq gov. eric liu slams a'recycling program' to reduce the use of disposable carryout bags. liu slams'recycling program' to reduce the use of disposable carryout bags. liu slams'recycling program' to reduce the use of disposable carryout bags. liu
663,"<pad> summarize: ""Administration"" and ""Administrator"" mean the Small Business Administration and the Administrator thereof. in this Act, the terms ""Administration"" and ""Administrator"" mean the Small Business Administration and the Administrator thereof, respectively. section 34(e)(2) of the Small Business Act is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively. the non-Federal share of the cost of the activity carried out using an award or under a cooperative agreement under this section shall be 50 cents for each Federal dollar that will be directly allocated by a recipient described in paragraph (A) to serve small business concerns a state if the total value of contracts awarded to the State during fiscal year 2004 was less than $10,000. amount of assistance is equal to twice the total amount of matching funds from non-Federal sources provided by the State. assistance provided to an eligible State under this subsection in any fiscal year shall be equal.the term ""qualified small business concern"" means a small business concern located in a rural area. it has the same meaning as under section 3 of the Small Business Act. the administrator shall establish a pilot program to provide not more than 1,000 excess Government-owned computers each year to qualified small business concerns at no cost or a reduced cost. OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY. OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY. the Administrator shall hire not less than 5 additional full-time equivalent employees. a total of 5 employees are authorized to be appropriated. a rural lending outreach program will be carried out only through lenders located in rural areas. the program will provide not more than an 85 percent guaranty for loans of not more than $250,000. a loan made through the program will be approved or disapproved within 36 hours. "
664,<pad> summarize: the President shall continue any investigative activities of any Federal agencies with regard to the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 and other terrorist attacks attributable to the government of Muammar Qaddafi against United States citizens. the President shall consider the cooperation by the Transitional National Council and any successor government of Libya with respect to the investigative activities described in paragraph (1) when making decisions about the provision of United States assistance to the successor government.
665,"<pad> summarize: u.s. citizens residing in Puerto Rico are disenfranchised in the election. u.s. citizens residing in the territory do not have a democratic form of government at the national level. u.s. citizens residing in the territory are disenfranchised in the election.ratification vote would be held in accordance with rules and regulations determined by the Commission. voters would vote on the admission of Puerto Rico as a state. the government of Puerto Rico would have permanent authority over all matters not delegated to the federal government. ratification vote held under section 3 is for the admission of Puerto Rico as a State of the Union. a majority of votes cast in the ratification vote held under section 3 are for the admission of Puerto Rico as a State of the Union. this Act constitutes a commitment by Congress to act, through legislation, to admit Puerto Rico as a State of the Union on an equal footing."
666,"<pad> summarize: chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1(a), is amended by inserting after section 1079b the following new section. health and dental care benefits provided under CHAMPUS and TRICARE Standard shall be comparable to the highest level of benefits provided under the service benefit plan of the Federal Employees Health Benefits program. the rates prescribed for the reimbursement of health and dental care providers under CHAMPUS and TRICARE Standard shall be same as section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (4) by striking out ""the term <unk> Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed Services' means"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""the terms <unk> Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed Services' and <unk> CHAMPUS' mean"" the term <unk> TRICARE program' means the managed health care program that is established by the secretary of defense under the authority of this secretary of defense will begin to offer option under section 1079b(a) of title 10. improved benefits under section 1079c will be offered not later than November 1, 1997. if approved by the secretary of defense.section 1079a is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1079a. ""1079c. CHAMPUS and TRICARE Standard benefits: comparability with service benefit plan of the Federal Employees Health Benefits program."""
667,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that there are insufficient water supplies available to residents of the Fort Peck Indian Reservation in Montana. the water systems that are available do not meet minimum health and safety standards. the best available, reliable, and safe rural and municipal water supply to serve the needs of the Fort Peck Indian Reservation is the Missouri River.""Counties water system"" means the Roosevelt, Sheridan, Daniels, and Valley Counties Rural Water System authorized by section 5. the term ""Fort Peck tribe"" means the Assiniboine Indian Tribe or the Sioux Indian Tribe within the Fort Peck Indian Reservation. fort Peck Reservation Rural Water System may be purchased, improved and repaired. a cooperative agreement under paragraph (1) may include provisions relating to the purchase, improvement, and repair of water systems. a final engineering report for the Fort Peck Water System is approved by the Secretary.federal funds made available may be obligated and expended only through a cooperative agreement described in subsection (c) Components include water intake, pumping, treatment, storage, interconnection, and pipeline facilities. all property and property rights necessary for the facilities described in this subsection.this Act does not impair the validity of or preempt any provision of State water law or any interstate compact governing water. this Act does not impair the validity of or preempt any provision of State water law or any interstate compact governing water. this Act does not impair the validity of or preempt any provision of State water law or any interstate compact governing water. there are authorized to be appropriated over a period of 5 fiscal years, $109,000,000 for the planning, design, and construction of the Fort Peck Water System. and such sums as are necessary to carry out section 5."
668,"<pad> summarize: section 508 of the public health service Act is amended in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). by striking ""postpartum women treatment for substance abuse"" and inserting ""reside with the women in"" and inserting ""reside in or receive outpatient treatment services from"" in paragraph (2), by inserting "", or referrals for counseling,"" after ""Counseling"" in subsection (h) to read as follows: Accessibility of a grant may be made under subsection (a) to an applicant that is a nonprofit private entity only if the Secretary determines that the applicant has the capacity to provide the services described subsection (a) each parent offender who participates in the program serves a sentence with respect to the underlying crime if that parent offender does not successfully complete treatment with the residential treatment provider."
669,"<pad> summarize: Section 231(d)(3)(ii) of the National Housing Act (12 USC. 1715v(c)(2)) is amended by striking ""$30,420"" and inserting ""$33,696"" and inserting ""$38,025"", (2) by striking ""$33,696"" and inserting ""$38,025"", (3) by striking ""$33,696"" and inserting ""$62,010"", (3) regulations must take effect not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. if approved by the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, it will take effect. if approved by the secretary of Housing and Urban Development. dollar amounts established by the amendments made by this Act shall be increased annually by the Secretary by the amount of increase, if any, in the Annual Construction Cost Index prepared by the Bureau of the Census within the Department of Commerce. if any, in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. "
670,<pad> summarize:......................... the Secretary of the Interior may charge a fee below the amount referred to a permit. a person convicted of violating a regulation issued under subsection (a) shall be fined or imprisoned for not more than 6 months. a person convicted of violating a regulation issued under subsection (a) shall be fined in accordance with title 18.
671,"<pad> summarize: a member of the Armed Forces who was killed or wounded by gunfire in the shootings that occurred at Fort Hood on November 5, 2009 shall be deemed to have been killed or wounded in a combat zone as the result of an act of an enemy of the United States. a civilian employee of the Department of Defense may have been killed or wounded while serving with the Armed Forces in a contingency operation. if a member of the"
672,"<pad> summarize: identifying impediments before they occur is inadequate and meaningless. independent third-party procurement monitoring is an important tool for detecting and preventing such impediments. identifying impediments after they occur is inadequate and meaningless.the term ""appropriate committees"" means the committees on finance and on commerce, science, and technology of the Senate. independent third-party procurement monitoring means a program to eliminate bias, promote transparency and open competition, and minimize fraud, corruption, waste, inefficiency, and other misuse of funds.the secretary of the Treasury shall transmit to the President and to the appropriate committees a plan for promoting international government procurement reforms relating to the United States participation in international financial institutions. the plan includes an instruction by the Secretary of the Treasury to the United States Executive Director of each international financial institution to oppose the use of funds appropriated or made available for any non-humanitarian assistance. each country receiving such assistance institutes specific strategies for minimizing corruption and Section 4 shall not apply with respect to a country if the President determines that making funds available is in the national security interests of the United States. any such determination shall cease to be effective 6 months after being made unless the President determines its continuation is in the national security interests of the United States."
673,"<pad> summarize: section 5304 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of subsection (a)(1) the following new sentence. compensation paid for a service-connected disability may not be considered in determining eligibility for any other benefit under any provision of Federal, State, or local law. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to payments for periods beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 1311 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the rate of dependency and indemnity compensation paid for any month to the surviving spouse of a veteran who was awarded the Purple Heart shall be at the rate at which compensation under chapter 11 of this title would be paid for that month if the veteran were not deceased.Section 1451 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) in paragraph (1). by striking out ""shall be"" in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting in lieu thereof ""shall be the amount equal to 100 percent of the base amount""."
674,"<pad> summarize: Section 511(j)(1)(H) of the social security act is amended by striking ""fiscal year 2017"" and inserting ""each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022"". if amended, if amended.Section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 711(d)(1)) is amended. the eligible entity shall continue to track and report information demonstrating improvements for eligible families compared to eligible families who do not receive services under an early childhood home visitation program. if the eligible entity fails to demonstrate improvement in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A), the entity shall develop and implement a plan to improve outcomes. Section 511(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 711(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""not later than"" and all that follows through ""section 505(a)"" each state shall conduct a statewide needs assessment.Section 511(d)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting. ""taking into account the staffing, community resource, and other requirements to operate at least one approved model of home visiting,"" section 511(d)(4)(A)Section 511(c) of the social security act (42 USC. 711(c)) is amended. an eligible entity to which a grant is made under paragraph (1) may use up to 25 percent of the grant for outcomes or success payments related to a pay for outcomes initiative. such an initiative shall include a feasibility study that describes how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness.Section 511(h) of the social security act (42 USC. 711(h) is amended by adding at the end: Data exchange standards for improved interoperability. the head of the department or agency responsible for administering a program referred to in this section shall designate data exchange standards for necessary categories of information a State agency is required to electronically exchange with another State agency under applicable federal law."
675,"<pad> summarize: sen. john mccain finds that speculators are manipulating futures market prices. mccain: the public is concerned that trades executed on foreign boards of trade may need additional oversight. mccain: speculators are manipulating futures market prices to cause artificial prices that do not reflect the legitimate forces of supply and demand. section 2(a)(7) is amended by adding additional full-time employees. appoint additional full-time employees to increase public transparency of operations in commodity futures markets. appoint additional full-time employees to increase public transparency. foreign board of trade lists for trading a contract of sale of a commodity for future delivery. if it is determined necessary or appropriate to enhance and coordinate market surveillance. a foreign board of trade or registered entity must make public daily information on settlement prices, volume, open interest.Section 4 of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended by inserting ""or by subsection (f)"" after the phrase ""Unless exempted by the Commission pursuant to subsection (c)"" no person registered with the Commission, or exempt from registration by the Commission, under this Act may be found to violate subsection (a) if such person has reason to believe the contract of sale of a commodity for future delivery is made on or subject to the rules of no contract of sale of a commodity for future delivery traded or executed on or through the facilities of a board of trade, exchange, or market located outside the united states shall be void, voidable, or unenforceable. no party to such contract shall be entitled to rescind or recover any payments made with respect to such contract based upon the failure of the foreign board of trade to comply with any provision of this Act.section 4 of the Commodity Exchange Act is further amended by adding at the end the following: Index Traders and Swap Dealers. the Commission shall issue a proposed rule regarding routine reporting requirements for index traders and swap dealers in futures markets for exempt and agricultural commodities not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection. "
676,<pad> summarize: debentures refinanced under title III of the Investment Act may prepay a debenture. debentures issued by a small business investment company pursuant to section 301 of the Investment Act. debentures refinanced under section 504 of the Investment Act may be refinanced.
677,"<pad> summarize: Section 201(d) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 401(d)) is amended by inserting ""(1)"" after ""(d)"" the amendments apply with respect to annual surpluses as of the end of fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2004. the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to annual surpluses. no officer or employee of the u.s. may disinvest amounts in such Trust Funds. a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations. if a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations. if a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations."
678,"<pad> summarize: the Navajo Nation created and chartered the Navajo Community College. in 1971, Congress enacted the Navajo Community College Act. the Navajo Nation officially changed the name of the Navajo Community College to Dine College. the purpose of this Act is to ensure that the Navajo Nation and Navajo people exercise their right to self-determination. maintain and strengthen their distinct institutions of higher education through the teaching of the Navajo language, culture, traditions, and history. and improve their economic and social conditions through higher education and postsecondary vocational training. ""appropriate committees of Congress"" means the Committee on Indian Affairs. ""college"" means Dine College. ""operation and maintenance"" means all cost and expenses associated with the customary daily operation of the Dine College and necessary maintenance costs. the Dine College receives federal funding and resources under this Act and other laws for its operation, improvement, and growth. to provide vocational and technical education for citizens of the Navajo Nation and others. to preserve and protect the Navajo language, philosophy, and culture for citizens of the Navajo Nation and others.Dine College may undertake any renovations and repairs to the infrastructure of the College identified in the survey, study, and report carried out under section 9 c. a survey, study, and report may also be carried out under section 9. funds provided under this Act may be treated as non-Federal, private funds of the Dine College. the funds may be used in a project for a specific purpose. a provision of federal law requires that non-Federal or private funds be used for a specific purpose. a provision of federal law requires that non-Federal or private funds of the College be used in a project for a specific purpose there are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Dine College. for each fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to pay for the operation and maintenance of the College. the Secretary shall fund the operation and maintenance separately from tribal colleges and universities recognized and funded by the Tribally Controlled College or University Assistance Act of 1978.the Secretary shall conduct a detailed survey and study of all capital projects and facility needs of the Dine College. such report shall include recommendations by the Secretary and any recommendations or views submitted by the College and the Navajo Nation regarding the capital projects and facility needs of the Dine College. this Act supersedes the Navajo Community College Act of 1978. (2) the Navajo Community College Assistance Act of 1978. And the Navajo Nation Higher Education Act of 2010. this Act supersedes the Navajo Community College Assistance Act.the Dine College is eligible to receive federal funding and resources under any program authorized under the Higher Education Act of 1965. no program authorized under the Higher Education Act of 1965, the Equity in Educational Land Grant Status Act, or any other applicable program for the benefit of institutions of higher education, community colleges or postsecondary educational institutions. "
679,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 6402 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. it is amended by striking ""or (f) and inserting ""(f), or (g)"" and inserting ""(f), or (g)"" a single State entity shall designate a state official or agency. if a person makes such overpayment, the Secretary shall reduce the amount of such overpayment. if an offset is made pursuant to a joint return"
680,<pad> summarize: section 45(e)(8)(D)(ii) is amended by adding at the end a new subparagraph. Exception applies to fuel produced and sold after the enactment of this Act. Exception applies to transactions entered into after the date of the enactment.
681,<pad> summarize:......................... the organization described in subsection (c)(5) maintaining the retirement plan of the eligible organization shall be treated as an organization described in section 414(e)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to its maintenance of benefit plans of the eligible organization. a retirement plan which allows contributions to be made under a salary reduction agreement and which is treated as a church plan under subsection (a) such treatment shall not apply for purposes of section 415(c
682,"<pad> summarize: Section 3 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by adding at the end the following. an inspector general may not receive any cash award or cash bonus. he may not receive any cash award or cash bonus. he may not be eligible to receive any cash award or cash bonus.Section 4 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by adding at the end the following: (1)(A) Not less than every 3 years an external review shall be conducted of each Office. an external review under this subsection shall evaluate whether the Office properly manages and controls contracts awarded by the Office. if an Inspector General contracts with a private entity for a review under this subsection, the private entity shall be contracted in accordance with section 303 of the Federal Property Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by striking ""semiannual"" and inserting ""annual"" section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by striking ""semiannual"" and inserting ""annual"" section 8(f) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by striking ""semiannual""Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking each item relating to following positions: Inspector General, Department of Education, Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services. Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking each item relating to the following positions. Comptroller General of the united states shall develop criteria for determining if the consolidation of Federal Inspector General offices would be cost-efficient and in the public interest. report to Congress based on the study conducted under subsection (a)"
683,"<pad> summarize: the government of the united states does not grant foreign visitors access to china. officials of the government of the united states submitted 39 requests for diplomatic access. the government of the united states denied multiple requests by foreign diplomats for permission. the government of the united states generally allows journalists to travel freely.""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations. ""tibetan areas"" includes the Tibet Autonomous Region. the term ""tibetan areas"" includes the Tibet Autonomous region. ANNUAL RAPPORT ON ACCESS TO TIBETAN AREAS. report includes an assessment of the level of access granted to tibetan areas. comparison between levels of access granted to Tibetan and non-tibetan areas.a visa to enter or be present in the united states is ineligible if the Secretary of State determines that (A) the requirement for specific official permission for foreigners to enter the Tibetan Autonomous Region remains in effect. restrictions on travel by diplomats and other officials, journalists, and citizens of the United States to areas designated as ""Tibetan Autonomous"" are greater than any restrictions on travel by such officials and citizens to areas in such sen. john mccain says he should take into account the extent to which the government grants diplomats and other officials from the United States access to parts of china. mccain says the government of china should take into account the extent to which the government grants such diplomats and other officials access to parts of china. "
684,"<pad> summarize:.........................US Customs and Border Protection shall liquidate or reliquidate as free of duty each entry described in subsection (b) containing any merchandise which, at the time of original liquidation, was merchandise eligible for duty-free treatment under title V of the Trade Act of 1974."
685,"<pad> summarize: children are spending less time outdoors than any generation in human history. the health of our children is at risk as evidenced by the growing obesity crisis. military readiness is declining as nearly 1 in 4 applicants to the military is rejected for being overweight or obese. military family service organizations have developed programs that connect military children and families with positive, meaningful outdoor experiences. ""eligible entity"" means a state. the term ""eligible entity"" means a consortium from one State. the term ""eligible entity"" means a state. the term ""eligible entity"" means a state. eligible entity receiving funds under subsection (a) may use not more than 5 percent of the funding for administrative expenses. an eligible entity receiving funding under subsection (a) for a fiscal year may use at least 95 percent of the funding for administrative expenses. an eligible entity receiving funding under subsection (a) for a fiscal year may use not more than 5 percent of the funding for administrative expenses. a national strategy for encouraging americans to be physically active outdoors aims to identify barriers. such a strategy includes identification of barriers to Americans, especially children, youth, and families. the president may use, incorporate, or otherwise consider existing Federal plans and strategies that contribute to connecting Americans, especially children, youth, and families with the outdoors. nhs and hhs will develop recommendations for appropriate evaluation measures and criteria for a study of national significance on the health impacts of the strategies under this Act. a study of national significance on the health impacts of the strategies under this Act will also be carried out.the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to grantees under section 4 through cooperative agreements with national organizations with a proven track record of encouraging Americans, especially children, youth, and families, to be physically active outdoors. he will distribute best practices that emerge from strategies funded under this Act. limit: not more than 5 percent may be made available to carry out section 7 of this Act. funds made available to carry out section 7 of this Act may be supplemented or supplanted. limits apply to activities that encourage kids, youth, and families to be physically active outdoors."
686,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Definitions........................Findings.com........................ Sense of Congress. senate democrats have voted for senate democrats. senate democrats have voted for senate democrats. senate democrats have voted for senate democrats. Statements of policy........................ humanitarian assistance for vulnerable populations in Iraq. humanitarian assistance for vulnerable populations in Iraq. iraqi refugee refugees. iraqi refugees displaced in iraq. iraqi refugee admissions and processing. iraqi refugee admissions and processing. iraqi refugee admissions and processing. iraqi refugee admissions and processing.international cooperation. international cooperation. international cooperation... international cooperation... international cooperation... international cooperation... international cooperation.. international cooperation. reports to congress........................ iraq's ""vulnerable populations"" includes IDPs, Iraqis from ethnically mixed families. the term ""vulnerable populations in Iraq"" includes IDPs, women at risk, unaccompanied children and adolescents. the term ""vulnerable populations in iraq"" includes IDPs.more than 2,700,000 IDPs have fled their homes for neighboring countries. the humanitarian crisis in Iraq and neighboring countries threatens to destabilize the entire region. the united states has yet to disclose a long-term comprehensive strategy.sally kohn: syria's sene of CONGRESS should be addressed at the highest levels. kohn: it's in the humanitarian and national interests to demonstrate commitment to resettle Iraqi refugees and IDPs. kohn: syria's senegal senegal is senegal's senegal sen the policy of the united states will be the following. to lead an initiative to provide for the relief of vulnerable populations in Iraq and Iraqi refugees in neighboring countries. to develop immediately a long-term comprehensive strategy for Iraq in coordination with the Government of Iraq and host countries. the secretary of state shall provide bilateral assistance to such countries. assistance and funding under subsection (a) shall be in the form of contributions to the UNHCR that are not less than 50 percent of the amount requested by the UNHCR and other international organizations providing humanitarian assistance to vulnerable populations in Iraq and to Iraqi refugees in neighboring countries. the number of refugees who may be admitted during fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011 under subsection (c) shall be increased by not less than 20,000 for the purpose of admitting refugees who are citizens or nationals of Iraq. not later than September 30, 2009, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the secretary of homeland security, shall have increased by 100 percent the number of Federal personnel in Iraq who are conducting security reviews of Iraqis who have applied for admission to the United States as secretary of state will work with the international community, including the united nations. he will work to establish mechanisms to provide financial assistance to vulnerable populations in Iraq. technical and financial assistance to international organizations in order to process refugees. increased attention to and advocacy on behalf of vulnerable populations in Iraq and Iraqi refugees in neighboring countries. the secretary of state and the secretary of homeland security will submit a report on the implementation of this Act every 6 months thereafter. information concerning assistance and funding to host countries and international organizations and nongovernmental organizations. information concerning measures taken by the united states to increase its capabilities to process IDPs and Iraqi refugees for resettlement. "
687,"<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that it should be an objective of the United States to use trade policies and trade agreements to contribute to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. senate obama is urging the u.s. to use trade policies and trade agreements. the President may authorize the provision of preferential treatment under this Act if the President determines that Nepal meets the requirements set forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 USC. 3703(a)) if the President determines that Nepal meets the requirements set forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of section 104(a) of the African Growth an article described in subsection (b) may enter the customs territory of the united states free of duty. an article is described in this subsection if (i) the article is the growth, product, or manufacture of Nepal. in the case of a textile or apparel article, Nepal is the country of origin. as of 2015, exports from Nepal are approximately $800,000,000 a year. India the major market at $450,000,000 a year. the united states imports about $80,000,000 worth of goods from Nepal. the global export competitiveness of Nepal has been declining since 2005.not later than one year after enactment of this Act. the President shall monitor, review, and report to congress on implementation of this Act. the enactment of this Act is a year after the date of the enactment. TERMINATION OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT. no preferential treatment shall remain in effect after December 31, 2025. no preferential treatment extended under this Act shall remain in effect. if deemed appropriate, the preferential treatment will remain in effect.the provisions shall take effect on January 1, 2016. the provisions of this Act will take effect on January 1, 2016. the provisions will take effect on January 1, 2016.. the provisions of this Act shall take effect on January 1, 2016."
688,"<pad> summarize: a large employer may treat the employer health plan contribution as the applicable premium. the term ""employee's share"" means, with respect to the applicable premium for any employee, the amount of the cost to the plan which is paid by similarly situated beneficiaries who are taken into account in determining such premium for such employee. a large employer who willfully fails to provide a timely notice under this section shall for each such failure be subject to a this Act shall apply to calendar years after 2004. if applicable. this Act shall apply to calendar years after 2004. if applicable, this Act shall apply to calendar years after 2004. if applicable. if applicable."
689,"<pad> summarize: vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum.the term ""agency"" has the meaning given the term ""executive agency"" in this section. if 2 or more agencies or programs are performing the same essential function, the Commission shall recommend that the agency or program be realigned or eliminated. if 2 or more agencies or programs are performing the same essential function, the Commission shall recommend that the agency or program be realigned or eliminated.a subcommittee or member of the Commission may hold such hearings. a subcommittee or member of the Commission may hold such hearings. a subcommittee or member of the Commission may hold such hearings. a subcommittee or member of the Commission may hold such hearings. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. the members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code. TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. the Commission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which it submits the report under section 3(d)........definitions of ""implementation bill"" mean only a bill which is introduced as provided under subsection (b) the term ""calendar day"" means a calendar day other than 1 on which either House is not in session because of an adjournment of more than 3 days to a date certain. the implementation bills introduced under paragraph (1) shall be referred to any appropriate committee of jurisdiction in the Senate and any appropriate committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2013 for carrying out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2013. "
690,<pad> summarize: sally kohn: u.s. overdependence on oil imports damages national security. kohn: u.s. imports more than half the oil it consumes. kohn: u.s. is vulnerable to substantial supply disruptions created by geopolitical tumult. kohn: u.s. needs to be able to protect the u.s. economy from the president shall not be required to grant the permit under subsection (a) if the President determines that the Keystone XL pipeline would not serve the national interest under paragraph (1). if a determination is not made under subsection (a) and no action is taken by the President under subsection (a) the permit granted under subsection (a) shall be in effect by operation of law. the permittee shall obtain all requisite permits from federal authorities and
691,"<pad> summarize: postpartum mood and anxiety disorders are more severe than baby blues. postpartum psychosis is the most extreme form of postpartum depression. 400,000 women suffer from postpartum mood and anxiety disorders each year."
692,"<pad> summarize: the Congress finds that the provision of culturally sensitive curricula for higher education programs at Haskell Indian Nations University and the Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute is consistent with the commitment of the Federal Government. giving a greater degree of autonomy to those institutions, while maintaining them as an integral part of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, will facilitate the transition of Haskell Indian Nations University to a 4-year university. the term ""Haskell indian nations university"" means Haskell indian nations university. the terms ""respective institutions"" and ""institutions to which this Act applies"" mean Haskell indian nations university.provisions of such title relating to appointment, performance evaluation, promotion, and removal of civil service employees shall not apply to applicants for employment with, employees of, or positions in or under either of the institutions to which this Act applies. no rate of basic pay may, at any time, exceed in the case of an employee who would otherwise be subject to the General Schedule, the maximum rate of basic pay currently payable under the wage schedule covering such employee. the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent consistent with applicable law, delegate to the president of each of the respective institutions procurement and contracting authority. he shall, subject to the availability of appropriations therefor, delegate to the president of each of the respective institutions procurement and contracting authority.there are authorized to be appropriated to each of the respective institutions for fiscal year 1998. the amount of funds made available by appropriations as operations funding for the administration of such institution for fiscal year 1997 may be necessary. appropriations may also be necessary for the operation of such institution pursuant to this Act."
693,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE aims to encourage owners and operators to conduct voluntary internal environmental audits of compliance programs and management systems regulated under applicable environmental laws. a voluntary internal environmental audit protects the confidentiality of communications relating to voluntary internal environmental audits. the term ""environmental audit"" means a voluntary, internal, and comprehensive evaluation of a facility or an activity regulated under an applicable environmental law. the term ""environmental audit"" means a voluntary, internal, and comprehensive evaluation of a facility or an activity regulated under an applicable environmental law. it includes any supporting information that is collected or developed for the primary purpose and in the course of the environmental audit. a party invoking the protection of subsection (a) shall have the burden of proving the applicability of subsection (a) does or does not apply to specific information contained in an environmental audit report. if a party seeks discovery under subsection (c)(2)(A)(iii), the Attorney General shall have the burden of proving the applicability of subsection (a) is invoked for a fraudulent purpose. if the this Act does not limit, waive, or abrogate the scope or nature of any statutory or common law rule regarding discovery or admissibility of evidence. the attorney-client privilege and the work product doctrine are not permitted. APPLICABILITY of this Act shall apply to each federal civil or criminal action or administrative proceeding that is commenced after the date of enactment of this Act. if you have any questions, please contact us on 020 555. "
694,<pad> summarize: the director shall award grants or contracts to eligible entities. a grant or contract under this subsection may be a grant or contract. an entity shall use amounts received under a grant or contract to develop educational materials. a grant or contract under this subsection may apply to eligible entities.
695,"<pad> summarize: Section 2911 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new item. the Archivist shall promulgate regulations governing agency preservation of electronic messages that are records. such regulations shall, at a minimum, require the electronic capture, management, and preservation of such electronic records in accordance with the records disposition requirements of chapter 33 of this title.Section 2206 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs. Section 2201 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""2208. Certification of the President's management of Presidential records."" the amendments made by this section shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act.the archives of the u.s. shall prescribe internal procedures to prevent the unauthorized removal of classified records from the National Archives and Records Administration or the destruction or damage of such records. no person, other than covered personnel, shall at any time be left alone with classified records unless that person is under video surveillance. all persons seeking access to review classified records must consent to a search of their belongings upon conclusion of their records review. section 2204 of title 44 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the Archivist shall not make available any original presidential records if that individual has been convicted of a crime relating to the review, retention, removal, or destruction of records.the budgetary effects of this Act will be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ""Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation"" passed the house of representatives march 17, 2010. if such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. "
696,"<pad> summarize: Section 1905 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Determination of Equitable Federal medical assistance percentage. for any State for a fiscal year, 100 percent reduced by the product of 0.45 and the ratio of the State's share of cost-adjusted total taxable resources determined under paragraph (2). a state's fair market rent index is the sum of 0.75 multiplied by the ratio of"
697,"<pad> summarize: the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 system is designed to ensure universal access for individuals in need of employment and training systems. the system should address the ongoing shortage of essential skills in the United States workforce in sectors with economic growth. immigrants accounted for over 50 percent of the growth in the civilian workforce between 1990 and 2001. assuming today's levels of immigration remain constant, immigrants will account for half the growth in the working age population between 2006 and 2015. incorporated workforce training programs for adults with limited English proficiency. the term <unk> integrated workforce training' means training that integrates occupational skills training with language acquisition. a program that includes funds from private and nonprofit entities. a program that includes funds from private and nonprofit entities. a program that receives funding under this subsection is designed to prepare unemployed, limited English proficient individuals."
698,"<pad> summarize: the federal government sends hundreds of billions of dollars each and every year. among the money sent to the States were $267 billion for health care, $53 billion for transportation, $47 billion for housing and urban development, $36 billion for education and $27 billion for agriculture. each State government that receives federal financial assistance in that Federal fiscal year shall submit a State fiscal accounting report for the Federal fiscal year. each State government that receives federal financial assistance in that Federal fiscal year shall submit a State fiscal accounting report to the director of the office of management and budget.standardized reports allow comparison of the information contained in a State fiscal accounting report. each state government that is required to submit a report under section 3 submits a description of the programs and activities carried out by each budget entity of that State government over that fiscal year. the director shall establish a uniform system for classifying such programs and activities within categories identified by the Director.budget entity of a State government is a budget entity. a reconciliation of funds available with adjusted expenditures. a reconciliation of funds available with adjusted expenditures. a budget entity of a state government is a budget entity. a statement of funds available shall identify in accordance with subsection (b), each source of funds available for expenditure or obligation by the budget entity and the amount of such funds. and the sum of all amounts identified under paragraph (1).a line item listing for an agency activity shall identify the agency activity. a line item listing for an agency activity shall identify the agency activity. m is the total amount of funds that the budget entity expended in carrying out the agency activity. q is the amount described in subsection (1)(B) the adjusted expenditures of the budget entity shall be determined based on the following formula: AE EXP PT REV. a reconciliation of funds available with adjusted expenditures shall identify the adjusted expenditures of the budget entity. and explain any difference between the adjusted expenditures and the sum of all funds available for expenditure or obligation by the budget entity. a budget entity may identify an amount as a pass-through or a reversion if if a State government has failed to file a sufficient and timely State fiscal accounting report, the Director shall inform the head of each Federal department or agency. each such head shall withhold 10 percent of any Federal financial assistance provided to the State government for the next Federal fiscal year. the director is authorized to make such rules as may be necessary to carry out this Act. the director is authorized to make such rules as may be necessary to carry out this Act. the director is authorized to make such rules as may be necessary to carry out this Act. the term ""State government"" means the government of each of the several States, the district of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. the term ""budget entity"" means a state agency or the State judiciary."
699,"<pad> summarize: Title XXI of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end. the term 'pregnancy-related assistance' has the meaning given the term 'targeted low-income pregnant woman' in section 2110(a) as if any reference to targeted low-income pregnant women were deemed a reference to targeted low-income pregnant women. the term 'targeted low-income pregnant woman' has the meaning given the Section 2111 of the social security act, as added by section 2, is amended by adding at the end: Automatic Enrollment for Children Born to women receiving pregnancy-related assistance. the amendment takes effect on the date of enactment of this Act and applies to allotments under title XXI of the Social Security Act for all fiscal years.Section 1931(h) of the social security act is amended. it is striking the subsection heading and inserting ""eligibility determinations"" and all that follows. ""determinations of the eligibility of children and pregnant women for benefits under this title or title XXI"""
700,"<pad> summarize: the state of israel is a steadfast ally of the united states. it is in the highest national security interests of the United States to develop neuroscience-related research and neurotechnology. both governments agreed to reach an umbrella Science Technology Agreement under which existing RD and Innovation funding programs can operate jointly on common priorities. the secretary of health and human services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall award grants to eligible entities for neuroscience-related research and related technological innovation. an eligible entity shall submit an application containing such information and assurances as the Secretary, in consultation with the OCS and MOST, may require. Advisory Committee established in the national Institutes of health. vacancy on the Advisory Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. vacancy on the Advisory Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. the term ""eligible entity"" means a joint venture comprised of Israeli and United States private business entities. one or more United States private business entities and one or more United States academic persons carries out an eligible project. ""eligible project"" means a project to encourage cooperation between the united states and Israel.the grant program authorized under section 3 and the Advisory Committee shall terminate upon the expiration of the 7-year period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. the grant program shall terminate upon the expiration of the 7-year period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than $20,000,000 to carry out this Act for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2022. he expends not more than $20,000,000 to carry out this Act for each fiscal years 2016 through 2022."
701,"<pad> summarize: sworn certifications required in any private action arising under this title. each plaintiff and any attorney for such plaintiff shall provide sworn certifications, which shall be personally signed by such plaintiff and such attorney, respectively, and filed with the complaint. the court shall make a determination of whether such conflict is sufficient to disqualify the attorney from representing the plaintiff in any private action arising under this title. SELECTION OF LEAD COUNSEL. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. section 21D(a)(3)(B)(v) of the Securities Act of 1934 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""In exercising the discretion of the court over the approval of lead counsel, the court shall employ a competitive bidding process as one of the criteria in the selection and retention of counsel for the most adequate plaintiff"" report required to determine effective average hourly rate for lead counsel in securities class actions. Comptroller General submits report to committee on banking, housing, and urban affairs. definition: ""securities class action"" means private class action arising under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. "
702,"<pad> summarize: Congress has prohibited economic protectionionism by State and local governments that unduly burden or discriminate against interstate commerce and transportation. enacted laws such as the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, the Bus Regulatory Reform Act of 1982 and the airport and airway Improvement Act of 1982. since 1990, over 100 discriminatory taxes have been imposed by State and local governments on motor vehicle rentals in violation of the the term <unk> assessment jurisdiction' has the meaning given that term in section 11501(a)(1). commercial and industrial taxpayers. The term <unk> commercial and industrial property' means persons or entities who are engaged in a trade or business, other than the trade or business of renting motor vehicles, within a State or Locality. "
703,"<pad> summarize: Section 105 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (a) and subsections (c) through, (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (e) the Secretary shall apportion among the States amounts sufficient to ensure the percentage for each State of the total apportionments for the fiscal year. the percentage for each State referred to in paragraph (1) is the percentage that is equal to 95 percent of the ratio that the estimated"
704,"<pad> summarize: recreational fishing infuses $108 billion annually into the national economy. recreational fishing infuses $108 billion annually into national economy. recreational fishers contribute over $500 million annually to state fisheries conservation management programs & projects. the single most important element of recreational fishing is open access to places to fish.if restricted access to fishing places is restricted, the restricted areas be as small as scientifically necessary to provide for the conservation of the fishery resource. if restricted areas are scientifically necessary to provide for the conservation of the fishery resource. section 303(a) of MAGNUSON-STEVENS Fishery Conservation and Management Act is amended. in paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph, paragraph. section 304(a)(5) is amended to read: Fishing regulations. regulations apply within designated marine sanctuaries based on standards and procedures outlined by the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. "
705,"<pad> summarize: the Muscle Shoals area is defined by its distinctive geography. it is the birthplace of the Tennessee Valley Authority. the Tennessee River at Muscle Shoals is important in having shaped western expansion and cultural development of the united states.""heritage area"" means the Muscle Shoals National Heritage Area established in section 4. the term ""local coordinating entity"" means the local coordinating entity. the term ""management plan"" means the management plan for the Heritage Area specified in section 5.Muscle Shoals National Heritage Area is established. Boundaries include the counties of Colbert, Franklin, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Limestone, and Morgan. Availability of Map. The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in appropriate offices. the local coordinating entity shall be governed by a board of directors governed by at least 6 members. the local coordinating entity shall prepare and submit a management plan for the Heritage Area to the Secretary in accordance with section 6. the local coordinating entity may, for the purposes of preparing and implementing the management plan, use Federal funds made available through this Act to make grants to the State of Alabama, its political subdivisions, nonprofit organizations, and other the management plan includes comprehensive policies, strategies, and recommendations for conservation, funding, management, and development of the Heritage Area. include an inventory of the natural, historical, cultural, educational, educational, scenic, and recreational resources of the Heritage Area related to the themes of the Heritage Area that should be preserved, restored, managed, developed, or maintained. include an analysis and recommendations for ways in which local, State, and federal programs may best be coordinated to further the purposes of this the Secretary is authorized to enter into cooperative agreements with the local coordinating entity and other public or private entities for this purpose. priority actions. in assisting the Heritage Area, the Secretary shall give priority to actions that in general assist in conserving the significant natural, historical, cultural, and scenic resources of the Heritage Area. the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the management plan not later than 180 days after receiving the management plan.this Act shall not affect the authority of any Federal official to provide technical or financial assistance under any other law. the head of any Federal agency planning to conduct activities that may have an impact on the Heritage Area is encouraged to consult and coordinate the activities with the Secretary and the local coordinating entity to the extent practicable. Nothing in this Act modifies, alters, or amends any law or regulation authorizing a Federal agency to manage Federal land under the jurisdiction of a a property owner must permit public access to private lands. he must modify provisions of federal, tribal, state, or local law relating to public access. he must also alter any duly adopted land use regulations or approved land use plan or any other regulatory authority. there is authorized to be appropriated for the purposes of this Act $10,000,000. not more than $1,000,000 shall be made available for any fiscal year. federal funding provided under this Act may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of any assistance or grant provided or authorized under this Act. no privately owned property shall be preserved, conserved, or promoted unless the owner has been notified in writing by the management entity. landowner Withdraw. any owner of private property included within the Heritage Area shall have that private property immediately removed by submitting a written request to the management entity. authority of the Secretary to provide financial assistance under this Act shall terminate on the day occurring 15 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will end on the day occurring 15 years later. "
706,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE: it is the purpose of this Act to develop and implement a comprehensive and coordinated national weather mitigation policy and a national cooperative federal and state program of weather mitigation research and development. a federal and state program of weather mitigation research and development is being developed. the term ""Board"" means the Weather Mitigation Advisory and Research Board. the term ""Executive Director"" means the executive director. the term ""research and development"" means theoretical analysis, exploration, experimentation. the term ""weather mitigation"" means changing or controlling, or attempting to change or control, by artificial methods. vacancy on the Board shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. Advisory Committees may establish advisory committees to advise the Board. a majority of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. a lesser number of members may hold hearings. unless the use of the money is restricted or subject to any limitations provided by law, the Board shall use amounts in the Weather Mitigation Research and Development Fund to pay its expenses in administration of this Act. unless the use of the money is restricted or subject to any limitations provided by law, the Board shall use amounts in the Weather Mitigation Research and Development Fund to pay its expenses in the administration of this Act. the Board may make any studies or investigations, obtain any information, and hold any hearings necessary or proper to administer or enforce this Act or any rules or orders issued under this Act. Personnel. The Board may employ an Executive Director and other support staff necessary to perform duties and functions under this Act. the Board may cooperate with public or private agencies to promote the purposes of this Act.heads of departments and agencies of the united states and the heads of any other public or private agencies and institutions that receive research funds from the united states must give full support and cooperation to the Board and to initiate independent research and development programs that address weather mitigation.there is established within the Treasury of the United States the Weather Mitigation Research and Development Fund. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Board for the purposes of carrying out this Act $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2015. any sums appropriated under this subsection shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended."
707,"<pad> summarize: ""eligible entity"" means each of the Sonoma County Sanitation Districts. ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior.the Secretary may participate in the planning, design, and construction of water reclamation and reuse projects. a cooperative agreement with the state of California or a subdivision thereof will set forth the responsibilities of the eligible entity for the project. Upon execution of a cooperative agreement under this section, the Secretary may provide to the eligible entity, on the basis described in section 4, the funds authorized.the federal share of a project funded under this Act shall not exceed 65 percent of the total cost for planning, environmental evaluation, and construction of the project. the non-Federal share of the costs of a project funded under this Act shall be no less than 35 percent total cost for planning, environmental evaluation, and construction of the project. the non-Federal interests with respect to a project funded under this Act shall receive credit toward the non- any state or federal law, or interstate compact, governing water quality or disposal. if any federal entity exercises any federal right to the waters of any stream or to any groundwater resource. if any federal law is invalidated or modified, it may be deemed a judicial instrument.there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this Act $65,000,000, to remain available until expended. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $65,000,000, to remain available until expended. "
708,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Findings.com........................tITLE I STRENGTHENING COMMUNITY EFFORTS Section 101. 123. Hunger-free communities training and technical assistance grants. 124. Report. 125. Authorization of appropriations.185 countries pledged to reduce the number of undernourished people by half by 2015. national nutrition programs are among the fastest, most direct ways to efficiently and effectively prevent hunger, reduce food insecurity, and improve nutrition among the populations targeted by a program. in 2001, food banks, food pantries, soup kitchens, and emergency shelters helped to feed more than 23,000,000 low-income people. the term ""emergency feeding organization"" has the meaning given in section 201A. the term ""hunger-free communities goal"" means any of the 14 goals described in the H. Con. Res. 302. "
709,"<pad> summarize: it shall be unlawful for any person to import, export, deliver, carry, or transport in interstate commerce an article of fur if any part or portion of such article is derived from an animal that was trapped in a conventional steel-jawed leghold trap. to sell, receive, acquire, or purchase any conventional steel-jawed leghold trap that was delivered, carried, or transported in violation of paragraph (2). whoever knowingly violates subsection the secretary shall pay an amount equal to one-half of the fine paid. any officer or employee who furnishes information leads to a conviction of a violation of any provision of this Act or any rule made under this Act is not eligible for payment under this section.enforcing this Act and any rules made under this Act shall be enforced by the Secretary. if a violation of section 2(a) has occurred or is about to occur. if a person has probable cause to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing such a violation.the term ""article of fur"" means any furskin classified under heading 4301 of such Schedule. ""conventional steel-jawed leghold trap"" means any spring-powered pan or sear-activated device with two opposing steel jaws. the term ""import"" means to land on, bring into, or introduce into, any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States.the secretary may make rules to carry out this Act. he may make rules to carry out this Act. he may make rules to carry out this Act. he may make rules to carry out this Act. he may make rules to carry out this Act. this Act shall take effect one year after the date of its enactment. it will take effect one year after the date of its enactment. it will take effect one year after the date of its enactment."
710,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: in 1927 to 1931 the Corps of Engineers investigated the Columbia River. kohn: a reasonable annual charge shall be fixed for the use of the land. kohn: it would be appropriate for the Spokane and Colville Tribes to receive a share of revenue. kohn: if a permit was issued, the Spokane Tribe would have been entitled to a reasonable annual PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe for the generation of hydropower by the Grand Coulee dam.the term ""Administrator"" means the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity. the term ""Administrator"" means the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity. the settlement agreement signed by the united states on April 21, 1994. the settlement agreement was transferred to the United States Court of Federal Claims. spokane TRIBE of INDIANS RECOVERY TRUST Fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there is established a separate account consisting of amounts deposited in the Fund under subsection (b) and any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund. on October 1 of the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, from the general fund of the Treasury Administrator shall pay to the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for fiscal year 2016. not later than March 1, 2018, and March 1 of each year thereafter through March 1, 2026. not later than March 1, 2027, and March 1 of each year thereafter. payments made to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 or 6 may be used or invested by the Spokane Business Council in the same manner and for the same purposes as other Spokane Tribe governmental amounts. no Trust Responsibility of the Secretary nor the Administrator. a deduction exceeds the amount of interest due on debt associated with the generation function. a deduction exceeds the total amount of interest described in paragraphs (1) and (2). a deduction shall be applied as a credit against any other payments that the Administrator makes. all monetary claims that the Spokane Tribe has or may have against the united states will be extinguished. all monetary claims are extinguished. a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project.Nothing in this Act establishes any precedent or is binding on the Southwestern Power Administration, Western Area Power Administration or Southeastern Power Administration........... "
711,"<pad> summarize: broad-based employee stock option plans enable entrepreneurs and corporations to attract quality workers, incentivize worker innovation, and stimulate productivity. concerns raised about the impact of employee stock options on shareholder value raise legitimate issues relevant to the current level of disclosure and transparency of those plans to current and potential investors. employees must file periodic reports under section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. employees must file periodic reports based on stock option plans, stock purchase plans. employees must file periodic reports based on dilutive effect of stock option plans. During the 3-year period following the date of issuance of a final rule under section 3(a), the Commission shall conduct a study of the effectiveness of the enhanced disclosures required by section 3 in increasing transparency to current and potential investors. not later than 180 days after the end of the 3-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Commission shall transmit a report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on financial services of the house of the Secretary of Commerce shall conduct a study and analysis of broad-based employee stock option plans. the study and analysis required by subsection (a) shall include an examination of the impact of such plans on expanding employee corporate ownership to workers at a wide-range of income levels. the role of such plans in the recruitment and retention of skilled workers."
712,"<pad> summarize: Section 252 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Administrative costs. Section 252 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 USC. 2211a(a)) is amended to read as follows. assistance for the purpose of expanding the availability of credit, savings, and other financial services. a formal past performance system and database for acquisition and assistance instruments will be developed. a formal database will be developed to be used in the evaluation of all future competitions for such instruments. a system will also be developed to be used in the evaluation of all future competitions. Section 252 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by adding at the end Availability of Funds. of the amounts authorized to be available to carry out this part there are authorized to be appropriated $264,930,000 for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2016 to carry out this subtitle. "
713,"<pad> summarize: development of medium-range ballistic missiles by potential adversaries has proceeded much more rapidly than previously anticipated. existence of such missiles in potentially hostile nations constitutes a serious threat to United States forces, allies, and friends. there is a matter of high national interest to quickly reduce the vulnerability of United States forces, allies, and friends to these threats. $35,000,000 to be available for the joint composite tracking network program. $15,000,000 to be available to accelerate development of remote launch capability. $40,000,000 to be available to test the capabilities of the Patriot Advanced Capability (PAC-3) missile defense system. $6,000,000 to be available for improved integration. specific actions to be taken by the Secretary of Defense. the Secretary will explore additional cooperative measures. actions within the existing Navy Theater Wide Missile Defense System program could provide additional capabilities useful to addressing the threat posed by medium-range ballistic missiles within one to two years. enactment of this Act will not be able to take place until the end of the year. the Secretary of defense will submit to congress a report. the report will provide a description of the Secretary's plans for use of funds appropriated pursuant to the authorizations of appropriations in this Act. total amount authorized in section 201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 is hereby reduced by $147,000,000. $21,000,000 is to be derived from savings from the use by the Department of Defense of defense federally funded research and development centers in accordance with section 8041 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 1998."
714,"<pad> summarize: the predisaster hazard mitigation program reduced losses by roughly $3 for each dollar invested in mitigation efforts funded under the predisaster hazard mitigation program. Congressional Budget Office found that projects funded under the program could lower the need for post-disaster assistance from the federal government.Section 203(f) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 USC. 5133(f)) is amended to read as follows: Allocation of Funds. the president shall award financial assistance under this section on a competitive basis and in accordance with the criteria in subsection (g)Section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Prohibition on Earmarks. Definition. the term <unk> congressionally directed spending' means a statutory provision or report language included primarily at the request of a Senator or a Member, Delegate or Resident Commissioner of the House of Representatives providing, authorizing, or recommending a specific amount of discretionary budget"
715,"<pad> summarize: Section 110 of title 17, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). it is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting "" before ""Notwithstanding"" or ""notwithstanding"" a transmission embodying a performance or display of a nondramatic musical work is further transmitted to the public. or the transmission thus received is further transmitted to the public.the provisions of title 17, United States Code, are amended by adding after chapter 11 the following new chapter relating to chapter 11. the table of chapters for title 17, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to chapter 11 the following : ""12. Negotiations and licensing between proprietors and 1201""the Register of Copyrights shall submit a report to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the House of Representatives Committee on the Judiciary. the consent decree of March 14, 1950, in United States v. American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, 1950 Trade Cas. para.62,595 and the consent decree of December 29, 1966, in United States v. Broadcast Music, Inc. 1966 Trade Ca Section 301 of title 17, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (1) Any law, statute, or regulation of any State or local government which requires a performing rights society to license copyrighted musical compositions to a proprietor in a particular manner not required by this title. for purposes of this subsection, the terms <unk> proprietor' and <unk> performing rights society' have the same meanings as such terms are defined under a consent decree or other court order is in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. a decree or order may be issued or agreed to after such date. a decree or order may be issued or agreed to after such date.this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. it will take effect on july 1, 2014."
716,"<pad> summarize: president obama cites plebiscites for the territory. a plebiscite would be cited as a way of achieving a permanent nonterritorial status. obama's plebiscite would be cited as a way of achieving a permanent nonterritorial status. obama's plebiscite would be cited as a way the term ""Commission"" means the Puerto Rico State Elections Commission. the term ""Commonwealth"" means a task force. the term ""Task force"" means the President's Task Force on Puerto Rico's status. plebiscite is conducted during the 110th Congress. the ballot of the Commonwealth will provide voters to choose only one option. plebiscite is conducted under this subsection. plebiscite is conducted by the commission. plebiscite certified under section 4(a)(3). Secretary of the Treasury allocates not more than $5,000,000 to pay costs incurred by the Commission in conducting the plebiscite. the amount needed to cover the costs of the plebiscite shall be determined by the task force. the amount needed to cover the costs of the plebiscite shall be determined by the task force."
717,"<pad> summarize: LOCAL INPUT. Chapter 109 of title 49 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""10908. Local input"" a rail carrier providing transportation subject to the jurisdiction of the Board under this part shall not construct, develop, or expand railroad maintenance facilities unless the Board determines that the rail carrier has provided local communities with appropriate notice of such activities. the secretary of transportation shall convene 6 public meetings within 6 months. participants will present their views, respond to the views of others, and discuss issues relating to the quality-of-life and safety of persons who live, work, or are for any other reason near railroad tracks. the goal of such meetings shall be the identification of appropriate solutions. section 11324 of title 49 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the Board shall not approve a transaction described in section 11323(a) unless the Board has received assurances that the rail carriers who will be responsible for rail operations resulting from or affected by the transaction have addressed adequately.regulations will be prescribed to protect public health and welfare. such regulations shall be prescribed to protect public health and welfare. regulations may be revised, from time to time in accordance with this section. Upon the issuance of final regulations under subsection (d), section 17 of the Noise Control Act of 1972 is repealed."
718,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. this Act is to ensure the effective management of federal land. it protects from invasive species important natural resources, including soil, vegetation, archeological sites. and rare or unique habitats.. the term ""control,"" with respect to an invasive species, means eradication, suppression, or reduction of the population of the invasive species within the area in which the invasive species is present. the term ""ecosystem"" means the complex of a community of organisms and the environment of the organisms. the term ""species"" means a group of organisms, all of which have a high degree of physical and genetic similarity. each Secretary concerned shall plan and carry out activities on land directly managed by the Secretary concerned to control and manage invasive species to inhibit or reduce the populations of invasive species. each strategic plan under paragraph (1) shall be developed in coordination with affected eligible States, (ii) political subdivisions of eligible States, and federally recognized Indian tribes. invasive species control and management is regulated by the federal insecticide, fungicide, and rodenticide Act. invasive species control and management is regulated by the federal insecticide, fungicide, and rodenticide Act. the use of integrated pest management options, including pesticides authorized for sale, distribution, or use. invasive species control or management project is categorically excluded. invasive species control or management project or activity referred to in paragraph (2) is categorically excluded from the requirement to prepare an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement.a memorandum of understanding under this subsection shall contain, at a minimum, the following: a prioritized listing of each invasive species to be controlled or managed. an estimate of the expected total acres or area infested by the invasive species after control and management of the invasive species is attempted. if a contract or cooperative agreement under subsection (a) involves any outreach or public awareness effort, the memorandum of understanding under each project and activity carried out pursuant to this Act shall be coordinated with affected local governments. each project and activity carried out pursuant to this Act shall be coordinated with affected local governments, in accordance with section 202(c)(9) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 USC. 1712(c)(9))."
719,"<pad> summarize: 113 battlefields have been severely hampered by development since the Civil War. 113 battlefields have been severely hampered by development since the Civil War or are on the verge of being overwhelmed. 113 battlefields have been severely hampered by development since the Civil War or are on the verge of being overwhelmed. a section 308103(f) of title 54, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to provide grants under this section $20,000,000 for each fiscal year through 2028. not more than $1,000,000 for projects and programs that modernize battlefield interpretive and educational assets through the deployment of technology. not more than $1,000,000 for grants to organizations described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue"
720,"<pad> summarize:......................... eric liu: compliance with federal regulations is estimated to cost the private sector as much as $850,000 a year. liu: congress and the executive branch need to be aware. liu: if compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1) is impracticable, the director shall prepare an economic and employment impact statement to accompany regulatory actions."
721,<pad> summarize: funds provided to States that submit applications for assistance described in section 173(a)(2) of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 USC. 2918(a)(2)) to address the effects of Hurricane Katrina may be used to provide disaster relief employment and other assistance under section 173(d)(1) of such Act. the Secretary of Labor may extend the 6-month maximum duration of employment under this Act for not more than an additional 6 months due to extraordinary mobile one-stop centers should be established as part of one-stop delivery systems authorized under subtitle B of title I of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998. expanded operational hours at one-stop centers and on-site services for individuals in temporary housing locations. 
722,"<pad> summarize: Section 15A(d)(2) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (45 USC. 231n-1(d)(2)) is amended by striking ""Except as otherwise provided in this section, amounts"" and inserting ""Amounts"" Section 210(a)(9) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 410(a)(9) is amended by inserting ""before January 1, 2002"" after ""performed"" no imposition of tier 1 taxes. Section 3221(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end: ""This subsection shall not apply to service performed in calendar years after 2001""repeal of section 224 of the Railroad Retirement Solvency Act of 1983. repeal made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2000. repeal made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2000.'applicable percentage' means the percentage determined under section 3241 for such calendar year. 'account benefits ratio' means, with respect to any calendar year, the average determined by the Secretary of the account benefits ratios for the 10 most recent fiscal years ending before such calendar year. if the amount determined under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of 0.1, such amount shall be increased to the next highest multiple of 0.1. the Railroad Retirement Board shall transmit a plan by June 1, 2001. if the plan described in subsection (a) is certified as a bona fide plan, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make an annual payment from the Railroad Retirement Account to the fund relating to such plan in an amount specified by the Secretary of the Treasury as the minimum amount necessary. notwithstanding any other provision of law, the new entrants shall no longer be entitled to benefits under Subparagraph (A) of section 4041(a)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ""or a diesel-powered train"" each place it appears and by striking ""or train"" a similar amendment is made to the iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's iraq's"
723,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible small business' means a person whose gross receipts did not exceed $20,000,000. 'eligible small business' means a person whose employment with the employer was terminated before January 1, 2010. 'eligible unemployed individual' means a person whose gross receipts for the preceding taxable year did not exceed $20,000,000. 'eligible unemployed individual' means a person whose employment"
724,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 2704(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 300gg-4(a)) is amended in paragraph (2), by striking ""Paragraph"" and inserting ""subject to paragraph (3), paragraph"" the secretary shall, with respect to regulations promulgated under this paragraph, ensure that, to the extent practicable, such regulations are consistent with State licensing and practice laws."
725,"<pad> summarize:......................... the term ""company"" means the parcels of land owned by the United States. the term ""non-federal land"" means the land in the State that is owned by the State. the term ""non-federal land"" means the land in the State that is owned by the State. the term ""non-federal land"" means 320 acres."
726,"<pad> summarize:.........................a person may not be denied a right, privilege, benefit, or employment position under federal law. a person may not be denied a right, privilege, benefit, or employment position under federal law. a person may not be denied a right, privilege, benefit, or employment position under federal law."
727,"<pad> summarize: the president shall not regulate or prohibit direct or indirectly travel to or from Cuba. transactions ordinarily incident to travel or maintenance within Cuba. transactions ordinarily incident to travel or maintenance within Cuba. transactions ordinarily incident to the arrangement, promotion, or facilitation of travel to, from, or within Cuba. restrictions on authority contained in section 2 don't apply. there is imminent danger to the public health or the physical safety of United States travelers. section 2 doesn't authorize the importation into the united states of goods for personal consumption acquired in Cuba. armed hostilities between the two countries are in progress. this Act applies to actions taken before the date of the enactment of this Act that are in effect on such date of enactment. this Act applies to actions taken on or after such date of enactment. this Act applies notwithstanding section 102(h) and 910(b) of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 USC. 7210(b)). this Act applies notwithstanding section 102(h) of the LIBERTAD Act of 1996. john avlon: u.s., other countries have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms. avlon: u.s. and other countries remain concerned about violations of human rights. avlon: u.s. should send a personal representative to the Republic of Cuba. avlon: u.s. should seek immediate access to all prisons and places the secretary of state submits a report to congress detailing any action taken by the Communist government of Cuba to provide financial support for terrorism. every 180 days thereafter, he shall submit a report detailing any action taken by the Communist government of Cuba to provide financial support."
728,"<pad> summarize: saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday's saturday saturday's saturday saturday's supplemental nutrition assistance is not provided in section 4(e)(2) of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Act of 2008 (7 USC. 2013(e)(2). the Secretary provides briefings to the appropriate congressional committees. if information is not published on the internet, then it will provide a detailed explanation. up to 5 percent will be available to carry out the amendment made by section 2 of this Act. up to 5 percent will be a available to carry out the amendment made by section 2 of this Act. the amendment will be made by section 2 of this Act.this Act and the amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter that begins not less than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act and the amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter that begins not less than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act."
729,"<pad> summarize: john Marshall served as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the united states from 1801 to 1835. he served as nascent chief justice, but also as a soldier in the Revolutionary War. 400,000 $1 coins will weigh 26.73 grams, have a diameter of 1.500 inches. each of which has a diameter of 1.500 inches. legal tender is provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code.design of the coins minted under this Act will be emblematic of Chief Justice John Marshall and his contributions to the united states. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary, after consultation with the Commission of Fine Arts.only one facility may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. no coins may be minted under this Act after December 31, 2005. if minted under this Act, it will be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. minted coins minted under this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary shall make bulk sales of the coins minted under this Act at a reasonable discount. all coins minted under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin. all surcharges received by the Secretary will be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Supreme Court Historical Society for historical research about the Supreme Court and the Constitution of the United States and related topics.no net cost to the government. the Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that the minting and issuance of the coins shall result in no net cost to the Government. security satisfactorily satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the Federal Government for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution."
730,"<pad> summarize: the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management. the term ""city"" means the county of Elko, Nevada. the term ""county"" means the map entitled ""Elko Motocross Park"" and dated January 9, 2010."
731,"<pad> summarize: the term ""non-federal land"" means the former Santa Rosa Island National Monument land in the state. the term ""non-federal land"" means the state that was conveyed by the united states to the County under the Act of July 30, 1946. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute. a conveyance under paragraph (1) shall be absolute."
732,"<pad> summarize: dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. spearheaded the civil rights movement during the 1950's and 1960's. dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was the keynote speaker at a rally in 1963. dr. martin lincoln was a champion of nonviolence, fervently advocated nonviolent resistance. lincoln lincoln says he is $1 silver coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender. each coin shall weigh 26.73 grams. legal tender is provided in section 5103 of title 31 u.s. code. u.s. code is imposing a resemblance to u.s. the Secretary shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act. stockpiles established under the strategic and critical materials stockpile act. a stockpile of silver may also be used to mint coins. a stockpile of silver may also be used to mint coins.design of the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the human rights legacy and leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Designation and inscriptions. on each coin minted under this Act, there shall be a designation of the value of the coin, (B) an inscription of the year ""2003""only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on January 15, 2004. coins issued under this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. surcharge provided in subsection (c) with respect to such coins. all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin.all surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins shall be promptly paid to the Library of Congress. he must purchase and maintain historical documents and other materials associated with the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
733,"<pad> summarize: section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act is amended in subsection (a)(3)(B) by inserting ""within the restrictions set forth in subsection (b)"" after ""purposes"" a person, including a prospective employer or current employer, may not use a consumer report or investigative consumer report. the prohibition described in paragraph (1) shall apply even if the consumer consents or otherwise authorizes the procurement or use of a consumer report."
734,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall allocate additional assistance for project-based housing vouchers under section 8(o)(13) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 USC. 1437f(o)(13)) for individuals and households located within the area in which assistance to individuals has been authorized by the president. the Secretary shall make funds available under this section for project-based vouchers used to support affordable housing in repaired or rebuilt housing that has been section 408(c)(1) is amended by inserting ""semipermanent, and permanent"" after ""temporary"" and inserting ""subject to certain conditions outlined below"" after ""units"". determining whether to provide temporary, semipermanent, or permanent housing units under clause (i) the President shall examine certain conditions, including the relative cost efficiency of providing the housing units. the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall enter into a mission assignment with the Secretary to transfer adequate funds into the Disaster Voucher Program in order to fully implement subsection (b). Transfers. Individuals and households receiving assistance through rental assistance programs administered through State and local voucher programs that receive reimbursement from FEMA."
735,"<pad> summarize: small communities are concerned about improving the environmental quality of their surroundings. many small communities are uncertain of the specific requirements of environmental regulations. small communities are often underrepresented in processes used to review regulations proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency. small communities are often underrepresented in processes used to review regulations.PURPOSE aims to foster a healthy environment in which people in small communities may enjoy a sustainable and continually improving quality of life. PURPOSE.. this Act is to foster a healthy and healthy environment in which people in small communities may. enjoy a sustainable and continually improving quality of life. the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. the term ""advisory committee"" means the small community advisory committee established under section 5 Agency. the term ""small community"" means a county, parish, borough or incorporated or unincorporated municipality with fewer than 7,500 persons. the advisory committee shall be composed of representatives of small communities and unincorporated areas of the united states. the advisory committee shall identify means to improve the working relationship between the Agency and small communities. the advisory committee shall identify means to improve the working relationship between the Agency and small communities as early as practicable.the Administrator shall develop and implement a plan to increase the involvement of small communities in the regulatory review processes conducted under chapter 6 of title 5. title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995. he will also develop and implement a plan to increase the involvement of small communities. each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall establish and staff a Small Town Ombudsman Office. the primary responsibility of each regional Small Town Ombudsman Office shall be to serve as an advocate for small communities and a facilitator for addressing small community concerns and programs. small communities must conduct a survey every 5 years. each year, the Small Town Ombudsman Office conducts a survey of small communities. the survey collects information on information sources used by small communities to learn of and implement environmental regulations.the administrator shall produce and distribute to small communities a guide to federal environmental requirements for small communities. the guide shall describe all mandated environmental requirements applicable to small communities. it will provide federal, regional, and State contacts for all such environmental requirements. the Administrator shall develop and implement a plan for periodically obtaining feedback from small communities. reaching out to small communities to provide educational and other assistance. a plan is set up to help small communities in regulatory development and implementation. the Administrator shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. he shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. he shall not impose on any small community any cost incurred in carrying out this Act. REPORT. not later than the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. he shall submit to congress a report describing the regulatory review plan developed under section 6. he shall submit to congress a report describing other activities conducted in carrying out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $5,000,000............ "
736,"<pad> summarize: Section 2706 of the Public Health Service Act is amended to read as follows. Section 2706 of the Public Health Service Act is amended to read as follows. Section 2706 of the public health service act is amended to read as follows. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to health insurance coverage offered, sold, issued, renewed, in effect, or operated in the individual market on or after January 1, 2006."
737,"<pad> summarize: Section 202(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(a)(3)) is amended by striking ""the month preceding"" in the matter following subparagraph (B) Section 202(b)(5)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(c)(5)(B) is amended by striking ""(E), (F), (H), or (J)"" and inserting ""(E), Section 223 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Last Payment of Benefit Terminated by Death (1) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section, an individual's monthly insurance benefit under this section otherwise payable for the month in which the individual dies shall be payable only if such individual's date of death occurs after the first 15 days of such month. if such individual's date of death occurs after the first 15 the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted. the amendments shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted."
738,"<pad> summarize: Section 425 of such Act is amended by striking ""2007 through 2011"" and inserting ""2012 through 2016"" Section 422(b)(15)(A)(ii) of such Act is amended by inserting "", including emotional trauma associated with a child's maltreatment and removal from home"" Section 436 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 629b(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking ""benefits benefits"" each place it appears and inserting ""$25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016"" Section 439 of such Act (42 USC. 629b(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking ""benefits benefits"" each place it appears and inserting ""benefits"" Section DATA STANDARDIZATION FOR IMPROVED DATA MATCHING is amended by adding at the end. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2012. data elements must be nonproprietary and interoperable. the standard data elements designated under paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable, be interoperable.Section 475(1)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 675(1)(G)) is amended in clause (i), by striking ""the placement"" and inserting ""each"" before ""placement"" study on recruitment of and support for foster parents, Adoptive parents, and kin guardians.this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2011. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2011. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply to payments for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. a plan developed pursuant to subpart 1 of part b, or a plan approved under subpart 2 of part b or part E, of title IV"
739,"<pad> summarize: the term ""hazard mitigation"" means floodproofing. acquisition of wetland throughout the Passaic River basin for flood management purposes or retention and detention. the term ""preferred alternative"" means a qualified acquisition and hazard mitigation plan.the Secretary shall acquire, demolish, and remove additional structures. wetlands will be stabilized as part of the ecological restoration program. wetlands will be managed as open space. wetlands will be vacated in perpetuity. $15,000,000 made available by the state of new jersey for the Blue Acres portion of the Green Acres Bond Act of 1995, approved by the voters of the State of New Jersey, shall constitute the 25 percent non-Federal cost share. acquisition of freshwater wetlands. Floodproofing. There are authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for the acquisition of freshwater wetlands in the floodplains within the Passaic River basin."
740,"<pad> summarize: section 2 of the Animal Welfare Act is amended by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n), and (o) as subsections (k), (o), (p), (m), (m), (n), and (o), respectively. in subsection (e) by striking ""or (2) any"" and insert section 10 of the Animal Welfare Act is amended in the first sentence. it is amended by inserting ""(a) In general. "" before ""Dealers"" all dealers and retail pet stores shall prepare, retain, and make available at all reasonable times for inspection and copying. Section 19(a) of the Animal Welfare Act is amended by inserting ""(1)"" after ""((a)"" a violation that results in a temporary suspension is continuing or will continue after the expiration of the 21-day temporary suspension period described in that paragraph. if the Secretary has reason to believe that a violation that results in a temporary suspension pursuant to paragraph (1) is continuing or will continue.Section 29 of the Animal Welfare Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking the last sentence. the Secretary may apply directly to the appropriate United States district court for a temporary restraining order or injunction described in subsection (a). Section 3 of the animal welfare act is amended by striking "": Provided however"" and all that follows. if you have any questions, please contact the fda if you have any questions. if you have any questions, please contact the fda.this Act or amendments made by this Act preempt any State law that provides stricter requirements than the requirements provided in the amendments made by this Act. the amendments made by this Act do not preempt any State law that provides stricter requirements than the requirements provided in the amendments made by this Act. "
741,"<pad> summarize: Title 4, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter. the table of chapters for title 4, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item. if an official or representative of the Government of the United States acts, communicates, performs or provides services, or provides materials in any language other than English, that exception does not create a legal entitlement to additional acts, communications, services, or materials. Section 203 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is repealed. the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is repealed. voting rights are governed by bilinguist laws. a vote is voted on by a single person.section 337(d) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence. all public ceremonies in which the oath of allegiance is administered pursuant to this section shall be conducted solely in the English language. this Act and the amendments made by this Act may not be construed to preempt any law of any state. the amendments may not preempt any law of any state. if the amendments are made, the amendments may not be construed. "
742,"<pad> summarize: section 19 of title 3 is amended to read as follows. section 19 of title 3 is amended to read as follows. section 19 of title 3 is amended to read as follows. a copy of title 3 is available in the u.s. on tuesday.special rule for individuals appointed by former president succeeded by vice-elect. if the individual's service results in whole or in part from inability to serve, the individual shall act as president. special rule for individuals suggested or approved by president-elect.candidates should jointly announce and designate on or before the first Monday in september. in the event a nominee for President is deceased or permanently incapacitated prior to the date referred to in paragraph (1). the electors of President and vice president who are pledged to vote for such nominee should give their votes to the individual designated for such office by the nominees under paragraph (1). SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING STATUS OF PRESIDENT-ELECT. the president-elect is the individual receiving the number of votes cast by the electors at the meeting of the electors held pursuant to clause 3 of section 1 of article II of the Constitution. "
743,<pad> summarize: a school must submit a grant to a state receiving a subgrant under this subsection. a state must submit an application to the Secretary at such time. a state must submit a report containing information and assurances as the Secretary may require. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment. 
744,"<pad> summarize: the term ""young fisherman"" means an individual who wants to participate in the commercial fisheries of the united states, including the Great Lakes fisheries. the term ""young fisherman"" means an individual who (i) desires to participate in the commercial fisheries of the united states. the secretary of commerce establishes a program to provide training, education, outreach, and technical assistance initiatives for young fishermen. the program established under subsection (a) shall be known as the ""Young Fishermen's Development Grant Program""grant recipients must be a cooperative state, tribal agency, community-based or nongovernmental organization. recipients must provide a match in the form of cash or in-kind contributions. grants under this section may not be used to purchase any fishing license, permit, quota, or other harvesting right. amount obligated under section 311(e) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act for each fiscal years 2018 through 2022 obligated under section 311(e) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. obligated under this section each fiscal year for activities in each fishery management region shall be in the same proportion."
745,"<pad> summarize: a section 2602 (42 USC. 8621(a)) is amended to read as follows. the secretary of health and human services is authorized to make grants to states for programs and activities consistent with the provisions of this title.section 2602 (42 USC. 8621(b)) is amended by striking ""this title"" and all that follows through the end of the first sentence and inserting ""this title,"" such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal years 1995 through 1999. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 2607A, $50,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996, $60,000,000 for fiscal year 1997, $70,000,000 for fiscal year 1998, Section 2602 as amended by section 3 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection. there are authorized to be appropriated in any fiscal year for payments under this title. funds appropriated pursuant to section 2604 are hereby designated to be emergency requirements pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. the Secretary may allot amounts appropriated pursuant to section use the funds available under section 2605(b) (42 USC. 8624(b)(1)) to conduct outreach activities. the state agrees not to use such funds for any purposes other than those specified in this title.Section 2605(b)(2)(b)(2)(b) is amended by striking ""are made aware"" and inserting ""and households with high home energy burdens, are made aware"" a state plan is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (H) section 2605(b) (42 USC. 8624(b)) is striking the first flush sentence immediately following paragraph (14).. if you have a problem, you may have a problem if you have a problem.section 2605 is amended by striking ""and provide that"" and all that follows and inserting ""in accordance with chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code. in subsection (e), by striking ""at least every two years"" and all that follows and inserting ""in accordance with chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code. section 2605(c)(1)(D) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end thereof. it describes the rules promulgated by the Department of Energy for administration of its Low Income Weatherization Assistance Program.Section 2605c)(1) (42 USC. 8624(c)(1)) is amended in subparagraph (F) by striking ""and (13)"" and inserting ""(13), and (15)"", and by striking ""and"" at the end thereof. Section 2607(a) (42 USC. 8628(a)) is amended by inserting ""(1)"" after the subsection designation. each State shall notify the Secretary not later than 2 months prior to the close of a fiscal year. if such State elects to submit a request described in subsection (2), such State shall submit such request at the same time. Section 2605(b)(7) (42 USC. 8624(b)(7) is amended in subparagraph (B) by adding ""and"" at the end thereof. section 2605(b)(7) (42 USC. 8624(b)(7) is amended by adding ""and"" at the end thereof. Section 2607A(e) (42 USC. 8621(e)) is amended by striking ""the"" in paragraph the amendments and repeals made by this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1994. the amendments and abrogations made by this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1994. the amendments and abrogations of this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1994."
746,"<pad> summarize:......................... iraq's allowance of Carryovers of Unused Funds to Subsequent Taxable Years is amended. irraq's provision of this section applies to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2001. irraq's provision of this section applies only to taxable years."
747,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.rules of construction.........................federal lands section 101. Application of title. Section 102. Definitions. Section 103. Monitoring. Section 105. Cooperative allotment management plans. Section 106. Fees and charges.RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. Limitation on Application. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect grazing in any unit of the National Park System, in any unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System, in any unit of the National Forest System managed as a National Grassland by the Secretary of Agriculture under the Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act. the term ""authorized officer"" means a person authorized by the Secretary of the Interior to administer this title. the term ""sixteen contiguous western states"" means lands owned by the United States and are included in the National Forest System. the term ""federal lands"" means a document authorizing grazing on federal lands."
748,"<pad> summarize: a new section is amended by adding at the end the following new item. 'tax expenditure' shall have the meaning given by section 3(3) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. 'tax expenditure' shall be listed in order of cost, with the greatest expense stated first.'section 7529. Taxpayer receipt' will apply to returns for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of"
749,"<pad> summarize: Section 8 of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) a state may not remove a registrant from the official list of eligible voters by reason other than death or a change of residence unless the State provides the registrant with a notice of removal meeting the requirements of subparagraph (B) a registrant who receives a notice of removal under paragraph (1) may submit a Section 303(b)(4)(B) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 is amended. it is amended by striking ""to answer the question included on the mail voter registration form pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i)"" and inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph.the appropriate state or local election official must make the list available under clause (i) available not later than 72 hours after the applicable deadline under State law for registering to vote in elections for Federal office. if an individual requests that the appropriate election official exclude the individual's name from the publicly-posted list the official shall exclude information relating to the individual from the publicly-posted list. if an individual requests that the appropriate election official exclude the individual's this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not apply to a state in which there is no voter registration requirement for individuals in the State. the state law in effect continuously on and after the date of the enactment of this Act is in effect continuously. Section 303(d)(2) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (42 USC. 15483(d)(2)) is amended in subparagraph (A), by striking ""Each State"" and inserting ""Except as provided in subparagraph (C), each State"""
750,"<pad> summarize: a committee to be known as the Tick-Borne Disorders Advisory Committee will be established. it will advise the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of Health. if there is a vacancy on the Committee, such position shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. if there is a vacancy, such position shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each fiscal years 2004-2008. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2004-2008 to provide for research and educational activities concerning Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2004-2008.the secretary of health and human services should consider carrying out a five-year plan. it should provide for the coordination of programs and activities regarding Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders that are conducted or supported by the federal government. the goal described in this paragraph is to accurately determine the prevalence of Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders in the united states."
751,"<pad> summarize: democrat-controlled congress in 1978 attempted to amend the Constitution. democrat-controlled congress ceded the district back to Maryland in 1847. democrat-controlled congress voted on a constitutional amendment. democrat-controlled congress affirmed his reasoning in v. Ellzey. territory ceded to Congress by the State of Maryland is ceded and relinquished to the State of Maryland. the territory ceded to Congress to serve as the district constituting the permanent seat of the Government of the United States is ceded and relinquished to the State of Maryland. a proclamation by the president under section 8 and except as provided in subsection (b), the territory ceded to Congress is ceded and no writ, action, indictment, cause, or proceeding pending in any court of the District of Columbia on the effective date of this Act shall abate as a result of the act. an order or decision of any court of the district of Columbia for which no appeal has been filed as of the effective date of this Act shall be considered an order or decision of a court of the State of Maryland for purposes of appeal from such order or decision. the National Capital Service Area referred to in section 3(b) is comprised of the principal Federal monuments, the White House, the United States Capitol, the United States Supreme Court Building, and the Federal executive, legislative, and judicial office buildings located adjacent to the mall. the national Capital Service Area shall include any Federal real property affronting or abutting such Area as of the effective date of this Act.temporary increase in the membership of the House of Representatives provided under paragraph (1) shall not operate to either increase or decrease the permanent membership of the House of Representatives as prescribed in the Act of August 8, 1911. unless the taking effect of the first reapportionment occurring after the effective date of this Act the individual serving as the Delegate to the House of Representatives from the District of Columbia shall serve as a member of the House of Representatives from the State of Maryland. no law or regulation which is in force on the effective date of this Act shall be deemed amended or repealed by this Act unless specifically provided in this Act. if such law or regulation is inconsistent with this Act.state of Maryland may not enact legislation accepting the retrocession described in section 3(a) until the expiration of the 1-year period which begins on the date the Director of the Congressional Budget Office submits the report to the governor of Maryland.the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act take effect on the date the President issues a proclamation under section 8 or the date of the ratification of an amendment to the constitution of the united states. "
752,"<pad> summarize: ii) by redesignating paragraph (1) as paragraph (2). iii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated. iii) by inserting ""evidence-based technology and equipment to improve school security. iii) by inserting ""specialized"" and ""evidence-based"" technologies."
753,"<pad> summarize: nearly 50,000,000 americans do not have access to a primary care provider. 43,000,000 americans lack health insurance and have difficulty accessing care due to the inability to pay for such care. health centers provide basic health care services to nearly 14,000,000 Americans each year. the average yearly cost for a health center patient is approximately $1.25 per day. 'eligible health center' means a health center that receives a grant. the federal share maximum under subparagraph (A) shall not apply if the total cost is less than $750,000. 'non-federal lender' means any entity other than an agency or instrumentality of the federal government authorized by law to make loans."
754,"<pad> summarize: Section 4322 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) Section 4322 of such title is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f) is amended by striking ""The Secretary shall refer"" Section 4332 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""The Secretary shall"" and inserting ""(a) Annual Report by Secretary. The Secretary shall"". section 4332 is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection."
755,"<pad> summarize: Section 599 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ""Reauthorization Act of 1987"" and inserting ""Act of 1993"" section 599 of title 28 is amended by striking ""Reauthorization Act of 1987"" and inserting ""Act of 1993""section 591(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (8). a Senator, or any Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress, or any person who has served as a Senator or such a Representative, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. Section 591 of title 28, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""information"" and inserting ""specific information from a credible source that is"" and by striking ""may have"" and inserting ""has"" the Attorney General shall determine, under subsection or (c) (or section 592(c)(2)), whether grounds to investigate exist not later than 15 days after the information is first received. section 592(a) of title 28 is amended by striking ""grant immunity, or issue subpoenas tecum"" section 592(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ""grant immunity, or issue subpoenas duces tecum""Section 593(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""define"" and inserting "", with specificity, define"" section 593(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""subject matter and all matters related to that subject matter""Section 593(b)(1) of title 28, United States Code is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting: ""not more than 2 such employees may be compensated at a rate not to exceed the maximum rate of basic pay payable for GS-15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5"" each independent counsel shall, for purposes of such section 3372, be considered to be the head of a Federal agency""section 593(f(1) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence. ""the court may"" and ""the court shall"" are added after ""pursuant to that investigation"" if acquitted of all charges or no conviction is obtained against such individual acquitted. section 594(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. ""independent counsel appointed under this chapter who gains access to classified information shall follow all procedures established by the United States Government regarding the maintenance, use, and disclosure of such information""an independent counsel and persons appointed under this chapter shall not be entitled to the payment of travel and subsistence expenses under section 5315 of title 5. an independent counsel and persons appointed under subsection (c) shall not be entitled to the payment of travel and subsistence expenses under subchapter 1 of chapter 57 of title 5.Section 594 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Administrative Services. The Administrator of General Services shall promptly provide appropriate office space for each independent counsel. such office space shall be within a Federal building unless the Administrator of General Services determine that other arrangements would cost less. section 595(a)(2) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ""such statements"" and all that follows through ""appropriate"" and inserting ""annually a report on the activities of such independent counsel"" such report need not contain information which would compromise or undermine the confidentiality of an ongoing investigation under this chapter, adversely affect the outcome of any prosecution under this chapter.Section 596(a)(1) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Termination by division of the court. the division of the court may terminate an office of independent counsel at any time on its own motion. if an office of independent counsel has not terminated before the date that is 2 years after the original appointment to that office, such counsel shall apply to the division for reappointment. Section 597 of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. it shall be a prohibited personnel practice for an employee of the United States government. the individuals referred to in paragraph (1) are individuals other than any person described in section 591a.section 599 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting whichever is earlier. "", or until 120 days have elapsed, whichever is earlier"" after ""completed"" section 599 of title 28 is amended by inserting.Comptroller General of the united states submits a report to the congress. it sets forth recommendations of ways to improve controls on costs of offices of independent counsel. enactment of this Act will not be a year later."
756,"<pad> summarize: congress finds the single most important protective factor in a child's life is a long-term relationship with a supportive, caring adult. no Federal competitive grant or contract program exists to fund innovative programs matching the most disadvantaged children starting at age 5 with ""professional mentors"" for 10 years or more. a national demonstration project to promote learning about successful early and sustained childhood interventions. to demonstrate an effective early intervention program that serves the most disadvantaged children and youth through privatepublic partnerships to prevent costly incarceration, rehabilitation, and treatment at a later date. federal share may not exceed 75 percent. non-federal share may be provided in cash or in-kind. the non-federal share may be provided in cash or in-kind. a demonstration project will be funded by the attorney general. a demonstration project will take place on thursday.a Friends of the Children local chapter serving a city referred to in section 4(b) must submit an application to Friends of the Children, National Office, at such time, in such manner. a subgrant under this Act will consider the ability of the Friends of the Children local chapter to implement an early intervention program for the most disadvantaged children and youth. a three-tiered process of identifying and target the most disadvantaged children and youth a Friends of the Children local chapter that receives a subgrant under this Act shall use some or all of the subgrant amounts to carry out an early intervention program with the following core features. the program shall target children between the ages of 5 and 7 years old who are at most risk of abuse and neglect. as adults, are likely to have problems with mental illness, substance abuse, and the criminal justice system. the Attorney General is authorized to carry out this Act $7,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2005 through 2009. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. a total of $7,500,000 is expected to be carried out by the attorney general. "
757,"<pad> summarize: the term ""agricultural areas and rural communities"" refers to areas where substantially all of the land-use is agricultural along with communities that are located in an area where a substantial portion of the economy, currently is and historically was, based on agricultural production. the task force shall terminate 120 days after the date of the submission of the report under subsection (f)"
758,"<pad> summarize: ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on Armed Services. ""covered state party"" means a foreign country that is a state party. the term ""covered state party"" has the meaning given in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947. CERTIFICATION OF NEW SENSORS is required for each sensor and platform for which the Russian Federation has requested approval under the open Skies Treaty. the president may waive the requirements of subparagraph (D) of subsection (b)(1)."
759,"<pad> summarize: a trust fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there are hereby appropriated amounts equivalent to taxes received under section 4122. amounts made available to eligible States under this paragraph shall remain available until expended. ira imposes tax equal to $10 a ton on coal extraction. there is hereby imposed on the extraction of coal in the u.s a tax equal to $10 a ton. the table contained in section 168(g)(2)(C) of such Code is amended by striking the last row and inserting: ""any railroad grading, tunnel bore, or specified coal port 50 years"" the table contained in section 168(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. subchapter II of chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section. ""20168. Covering coal cars"" is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 201 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section."
760,"<pad> summarize: section 504 of title 17, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 506 the following: ""506a. Civil penalties for violations of section 506 In general. the Attorney General may commence a civil action in the appropriate United States district court against any person who engage in conduct constituting an offense under section 506. Upon proof of such conduct by a preponderance of the evidence, such person shall be subject to a civil penalty under training programs are being developed for qualified personnel. training programs include practical training and written materials. training programs are designed to ensure effective use of civil enforcement authority. the program is designed to protect and encourage creative works from online piracy. "
761,"<pad> summarize: Section 6622 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Interest on Tax Portion of Underpayment To Be Compounded Annually. the preceding sentence shall only apply to the extent that the amount on which such interest and amount are imposed is tax. interest and additions to the tax, additional amounts, and penalties provided by chapter 68 shall not be treated as tax for purposes of paragraph (1). ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization. ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization. ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization of ira reauthorization. Section 6159 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively. such agreement shall serve as a closing agreement with respect to the amount of the liability specified in the installment agreement for the periods to which such liability relates. the amendments made by this section shall apply to agreements entered into after December 31, 1999. Section 6404 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Abatement of Excessive interest and penalties. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. section 6404 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Guidelines and Criteria for Penalty Abatement. the Secretary shall prescribe guidelines and criteria which will be used by the Secretary in determining whether to abate any penalty or addition to the tax. "
762,<pad> summarize: <unk> qualified wages' means wages paid or incurred by an employer during the taxable year to an eligible employee. the term <unk> qualified wages' shall not include wages with respect to any employee if a credit is allowed for wages paid to such employee under section 45A. Section 148 of the national and community service act of 1990 is amended by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h) and inserting after subsection (f) the amount of an educational award provided to an individual under this section shall not be included in the gross income of the individual for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
763,"<pad> summarize: a fisheries management plan is in effect that contains a complete prohibition on the retention of stocks subject to overfishing for the entire fishing season. if the Secretary determines that the prohibition is sufficient to prevent or end overfishing for the stocks to which it applies, the Secretary may authorize retention of fish that are not undergoing overfishing within that fishery. a stock assessment for the overfished species within the affected stocks of fish is initiated within section 208 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 is amended by striking ""and"" after the semicolon in subsection (6), (2) by striking ""materia"" in subsection (6), (2) by striking ""materia"" in subsection (b)(7) and inserting ""materia, and"" in subsection (b)(7) (5) by adding at the end of subsection (c)(2)(B), by adding "" an emergency is a situation that results from recent, unforeseen, or recently discovered circumstances that present serious conservation or management problems in the fishery, including ecological, economic, social, or public health interests. an emergency may include increasing or decreasing a catch limit, or modifying a time or area closure or retention prohibition in response to new science or stock assessment information. section 304(e) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act is amended by inserting ""(A) before ""The Secretary"" in the review, the Secretary shall consider a stock assessment conducted pursuant to subsection. a full stock assessment pursuant to subsection (c) shall be conducted no less frequently than once every 5 years.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce such sums as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce such sums as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. "
764,"<pad> summarize: federal and tribal efforts have been hampered by fragmentation of authority, responsibility and performance. despite the infusion of substantial Federal dollars into Native American communities over several decades, the majority remain mired in poverty, unemployment, and despair. despite the infusion of substantial Federal dollars into Native American communities over several decades, the majority of Native Americans remain mired in poverty, unemployment, and despair.the term ""applicant"" means an Indian tribe or tribal organization applying for assistance for a community, economic, or business development project. the term ""assistance program"" means any program of the Federal Government that provides assistance for which Indian tribes or tribal organizations are eligible.the lead agency for purposes of carrying out this Act shall be the department of the interior. the department of the interior is responsible. if the agency is responsible, it is responsible if the agency is responsible. if the agency is responsible, it is responsible. the Secretary may select not to exceed 24 Indian tribes in each fiscal year to participate in the projects carried out under this Act. the applicant pool described in this subsection shall consist of each Indian tribe that successfully completed the planning phase described in subsection (c) each Indian tribe seeking to participate in a project under this Act shall complete a planning phase that shall include legal and budgetary research and internal tribal government and organizational preparation. executive agencies that are included within the scope of this Act shall include the Department of Agriculture, (2) the Department of Commerce, (3) the Department of Defense, (4) the Department of Education, (5) the Department of Health and Human Services, (7) the Department of Housing and Urban Development, (7) the Department of the Interior, (8) the Department of Labor. the head of each executive agency, acting alone or jointly through an agreement with another executive agency, may identify related Federal programs that are the head of an executive agency shall take all appropriate actions to ensure that required reviews are handled expeditiously. an applicant is promptly informed of a decision or special problem that could affect the feasibility of providing joint assistance under the application. an applicant is not required to get information or assurances from 1 executive agency for a requesting executive agency. the head of an executive agency may promulgate uniform regulations concerning inconsistent or conflicting requirements relating to the financial administration of the project. the timing of payments by the Federal Government for the project when 1 payment schedule or a combined payment schedule is to be established for the project.the head of an executive agency may delegate or otherwise enter into an arrangement to have another executive agency carry out or supervise a project or class or projects jointly financed in accordance with this Act. such a delegation shall be made under conditions ensuring that the duties and powers delegated are exercised consistent with Federal law. a joint assistance fund may only be established in accordance with an agreement by the executive agencies involved concerning the responsibilities of each such agency. provide that the agency administering the fund is responsible and accountable by program and appropriation for the amounts provided for the purposes of each account in the fund. include procedures for returning an excess amount in the fund to participating executive agencies under the applicable appropriation.records of a recipient related to an amount received from a joint management fund under this Act are made available to the head of the executive agencies responsible for administering the fund. records of a recipient related to an amount received from a joint management fund established under section 10 shall be made available to the head of the executive agencies responsible for administering the fund. technical assistance and personnel training are available. amounts available for technical assistance and training under a project approved for joint financing under this Act. a portion of such financing involves such Federal assistance program and another assistance program. amounts available for technical assistance and personnel training under any Federal assistance program shall be available. executive agency may enter into an agreement with a state to extend the benefits of this Act to a project that involves assistance from at least 1 executive agency and at least 1 tribal agency or instrumentality. the agreement may include arrangements to process requests or administer assistance on a joint basis. not later than 1 year after enactment of this Act, the President shall prepare and submit to Congress a report relating the actions taken under this Act together with recommendations for the continuation of this Act or proposed amendments thereto. such report will include a detailed evaluation of the operation of this Act, including information on the benefits and costs of jointly financed projects that accrue to participating Indian tribes and tribal organizations. "
765,"<pad> summarize:.........................enactment of this Act entitles the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish and maintain a registry. if an individual is deceased, the Secretary shall provide the individual with a health examination. if an application, claim, or request is made before date of enactment of this Act. if an individual described in subsection (b)(1)(A), the Secretary shall provide the individual with a health examination."
766,<pad> summarize: telecommunications equipment and telecommunications technology for civil and uses will not require reexport authorization. telecommunications equipment and telecommunications technology for civil and uses will not require a validated license or reexexport authorization. telecommunications equipment and telecommunications technology for civil and uses will not require a validated license or reexexport authorization.
767,<pad> summarize: the secretary of health and human services shall establish a task force. not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Task force shall provide advice and guidance to the Secretary. the task force shall provide advice and guidance to the Secretary relating to Federal activities related to identifying and addressing gaps in knowledge and research. ANNUAL RAPPORT FROM FDA ON APPROVED NEW DRUG APPLICATIONS WITH INFORMATION ON PREGNANCY AND LACTATION. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. the commissioner of Food and Drugs shall submit to the appropriate committees of the Congress a report on the number of new drug applications and supplements to such applications approved or licensed.
768,"<pad> summarize: the pilot program will be scientifically based. it includes methods to quantify the number and size of predator fishes removed each year. the pilot program may be conducted by their own personnel or qualified private contractors. the districts shall pay 100 percent of the cost of the pilot program. restriction imposed under California law on catch, take, or harvest of anadromous fish is void. restrictions imposed on the catch, take, or harvest of any non-native or introduced aquatic or terrestrial species that preys upon anadromous fish are hereby preempted.anadromous fish is referred to in section 3403(a) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. the term ""anadromous fish"" applies to the Stanislaus River. it does not mean any stock, strain or member of American shad, sockeye salmon or striped bass. this Act expires 7 years after implementation of the pilot program begins. the pilot program will begin on september 1, 2014. the pilot program will begin on september 1, 2014. the pilot program will begin on september 1, 2014. "
769,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION is established in the legislative branch the financial oversight commission. there is established in the legislative branch the financial oversight commission. there is also a financial oversight commission.the purpose of the Commission is to examine and report on the facts and causes relating to the financial crisis of 2008. examine, evaluate, and report on the evidence developed by all relevant governmental agencies relating to the facts and circumstances surrounding the financial crisis of 2008. build upon the investigations of other entities and avoid unnecessary duplication. 1 member shall be appointed by the leader of the Senate of the Democratic Party. 2 members shall be appointed by the senior member of the Senate leadership of the Democratic Party. not more than 5 members of the Commission shall be from the same political party.the commission is to conduct an investigation that investigates relevant facts and circumstances relating to the financial crisis of 2008. it may include relevant facts and circumstances relating to government sponsored enterprises (GSE), including the Federal National Mortgage Association, and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. the financial services sector, including hedge funds, private equity and the insurance industry.subpoenas may be issued under this subsection only by the agreement of the chairman and the vice chairman. or by the affirmative vote of 6 members of the Commission. a subpoena may be issued under this subsection only by the agreement of the chairman and the vice chairman. a subpoena may be issued under this subsection only by the agreement of the chairman and the vice chairman.public hearings and releases of public versions of reports required under subsections (a), (b) and (c) of section 11. public hearings are conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of information provided to or developed for or by the Commission as required by any applicable statute, regulation or executive order.appointment and compensation may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions without regard to the provisions of title 5, united States Code. no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code may retain the each member may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5 of title 5, United States Code. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses. the appropriate Federal agencies or departments cooperate in expeditiously providing appropriate security clearances. no person shall be provided access to classified information under this Act. if there is unauthorized access to classified information under this Act, there will not be access. the Commission may submit interim investigative reports containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures as have been agreed to a majority of Commission members. not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a final investigative report containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures. sums appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to be made available until the termination of the Commission. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to be made available until the termination of the Commission. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are hereby authorized to be made available until the termination of the Commission. amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to be made available until the termination of the Commission"
770,"<pad> summarize: Section 401(c) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 USC. 7171(c) is amended by striking paragraph (2). by redesignating paragraphs (1), (3), (4), and (5) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively. the Chairman may appoint, prescribe the duties and fix the salaries of an executive director, a secretary, a chief engineer, a the term 'derivatives transaction' does not include a derivatives transaction based on electric energy or natural gas. the term 'derivatives transaction' does not include a derivatives transaction based on, or reflecting prices of or for, electric energy or natural gas. the term 'derivatives transaction' does not include a derivatives transaction that is under the exclusive jurisdiction."
771,"<pad> summarize: the term ""program country"" means a country designated as a program country under section 217(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. the term ""visa waiver program"" means the visa waiver program carried out under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. each program country shall have in effect an agreement with the united states as required by section 217(c)(2)(D) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1187(c)(2)(D)). if a program country does not meet the requirements of subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall immediately suspend the country's participation in the visa waiver program. if a program country does not meet the a visa overstay rate is defined in section 217(c)(5)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. if the periodic evaluation prepared under subsection (a) shows that a program country has a visa overstay rate that exceeds 2 percent, the Secretary shall immediately suspend the country's participation in the visa waiver program.subparagraph (A) of section 217(c)(8) of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended in clause (i) by striking ""can verify"" and inserting ""verifies"", (ii) by inserting ""arrival and"" before ""departure"", and in clause (ii) by inserting ""entry and"" before ""exit""section 217(c)(8) of immigration and nationality act is amended in clause (i) by striking the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting. the secretary of homeland security shall compile data from all appropriate databases to determine the visa overstay rate for each country. such databases shall include the Advanced Passenger Information System (APIS), the Automated Fingerprint Identification System (II), the Central Index System, the deportable Alien"
772,"<pad> summarize: copyright-based industries represent one of the most valuable economic assets of this country. the american intellectual property sector employs approximately 4,300,000 people. the proliferation of organized criminal counterfeiting enterprises threatens the economic growth of United States copyright industries.a civil action may not be commenced unless a final judgment is entered. the injured party is entitled to recover the actual damages suffered by the violator. the court may increase an award of statutory damages by 3 times the amount that would otherwise be awarded. a civil action may not be commenced under this section unless it is commenced within 3 years."
773,"<pad> summarize: Section 1201 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. if for any taxable year a taxpayer has a net capital gain, 100 percent of such gain shall be a deduction from gross income. if for any taxable year a taxpayer has a net capital gain, 100 percent of such gain shall be a deduction from gross income. if for any taxable year, the deduction shall be computed by excluding"
774,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (1) of section 402(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""retired public safety officer who makes the election described in paragraph (6)"" and inserting ""retired public employee"" the term <unk> eligible retired public safety officer' means"" and inserting the following: Eligible retired public employee. the term <unk> public school personnel' shall have the same meaning given such term by section 4151(10) of the elementary and paragraph (6) of section 402(l) of such Code is amended by striking 'the amounts excluded from gross income for the taxable year does not include' surviving spouse of surviving spouse shall be treated as the employee with respect to the plan for purposes of paragraph (1) for all subsequent taxable years. paragraph (3) of section 402(l) of such Code is each amended by striking 'the amounts excluded from gross income'iraq's governing body has a revised version of the iraq's 402(l)(l)(l)(l)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)(iii)("
775,"<pad> summarize: eric liu: education performance for 17-year-olds stagnated since 1971. liu: education system is detrimental to local businesses and communities. liu: u.s. is moving toward education standardization that doesn't consider individual educational needs.the department of education is abolished. a program for which the Secretary of Education or the Department of Education has administrative responsibility is repealed. a program under section 7 is repealed. a general education provisions act is repealed. each State is entitled to receive from the Secretary of the Treasury a grant for fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2024. out of any money not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated for fiscal years 2016 through 2024, such sums as are necessary for grants under subsection (a) the Secretary of the Treasury shall make the transfer of funds under grants under subsection (a) directly to each State in accordance with the requirements of section 6503 of a state shall contract with an approved auditing entity. if a State fails to pay any such penalty, the Secretary of the Treasury shall offset the amount not so paid against the amount otherwise payable to the State under this Act. if a State fails to submit a report as required under subsection (a) during the period between the date such audit is due and the date on which such audit is submitted.no individual shall be excluded, denied benefits of, or subjected to discrimination under any program or activity funded in whole or in part with amounts paid to a State under section 4 on the basis of such individual's disability under section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. sex under title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 or race, color, or national origin under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.each job training program under the jurisdiction of the Department of Education is transferred to the Department of Labor. each special education grant program under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act will be transferred to the Department of the Interior. each Indian education program under the jurisdiction of the Department of Education shall be transferred to the Department of the Interior. Comptroller General of the united states submits to the Senate report. the report includes a review and evaluation of the feasibility of enhancing the ability of States and local communities to fund education. the report will include a review and evaluation as to the feasibility of enhancing the ability of States and local communities to fund education by reducing the Federal tax burden. not later than 365 days after enactment of this Act, the president submits a plan to implement closure of the department of education in accordance with this Act. he shall submit to the congress a plan to implement closure of the department of education in accordance with this Act. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965."
776,"<pad> summarize: the median wage for workers fell 8 percent during the business cycle peaks from 1979 through 1996. after-tax corporate profit rates grew 66 percent. wage gap between men and women has increased in the last 4 years. the last decade has seen a growth in the use of part-time and temporary workers. insufficient research has been done to determine the extent and the impact of the use of part-time and temporary workers.the Commission shall cease to exist upon the expiration of 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent may take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this Act. the term of office of the Chairperson and the vice Chairperson shall be the life of the Commission. commISSION DUTY examines the growing corporate practice of providing wages and benefit levels for part-time and temporary employees which are lower than the wage and benefit levels provided to full-time employees who perform essentially identical work. he examines how the use of part-time and temporary employees has affected wage and benefit levels, employee job insecurity, and employee productivity.enactment of this Act enacts 14 members appointed as follows: 6 members appointed by the president of which 2 shall be from the executive branch and 4 representatives from either labor, business management, or academia. 2 members appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate of which one shall be a member of the Senate and one shall be from private life. 2 members appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate of which one shall be a member of the House a subpoena may be issued by a united states district court requiring that person to appear before the Commission to give testimony, produce evidence, or both relating to the matter under investigation. a subpoena may be made within the judicial district in which the person required to be served resides or transacts business. if a subpoena is issued under paragraph (1), it may apply to a district court the Commission shall report its findings and policy options to the congress not later than 30 days after the termination date. it will also make recommendations for legislation and administrative actions the Commission considers appropriate. a report will be made to the congress. "
777,"<pad> summarize: Mohuiddin A. K. M. Ahmed will not be deported to Bangladesh. he will not be deported to any country, which maintains an extradition treaty with Bangladesh. he will not be deported to any country, which maintains an extradition treaty.Mohuiddin A. K. M. Ahmed is eligible for adjustment of status if he applies. he shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully in the u.s. he shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully in the u.s. Mohuiddin A. K. M. Ahmed is allowed to seek asylum in a foreign nation. despite any other provision of law he will be permitted to seek asylum in a foreign nation. he will be allowed to seek asylum in a foreign nation. "
778,"<pad> summarize: the federal government funds basic and applied research. the federal government hopes that new ideas and discoveries will advance science. the internet makes it possible for this information to be promptly available to every scientist, physician, educator and citizen at home, in school, or in a library.the term ""federal agency"" means an executive agency as defined under section 105 of title 5. this Act defines an executive agency as defined under section 105 of title 5. the term ""Federal agency"" means an executive agency as defined under section 105 of title 5. each federal research public access policy shall follow common procedures for the collection and depositing of research papers. each federal research public access policy shall provide for submission to the Federal agency of an electronic version of the author's final manuscript if the publisher consents to the replacement."
779,"<pad> summarize: this act provides financial resources and fosters international cooperation to restore and perpetuate healthy populations of rare felids and rare canids in the wild. and to assist in the conservation of rare felid and rare canid populations worldwide. the term ""CITES"" means the Convention on international trade in endangered Species of wild Fauna and Flora, done at Washington March 3, 1973. ""conservation"" means the methods and procedures necessary to bring a population, subspecies, species, or taxon of rare felid or rare canid to the point at which there are sufficient populations in the wild to ensure its long-term viability. the term ""rare felid a proposal for a project for the conservation of rare felid and rare canids may be submitted to the Secretary by any wildlife management authority of a country that has within its boundaries any part of the range of a rare felid or rare canid, respectively. a proposal for a project for the conservation of rare felid and rare canids may be submitted to the Secretary by any wildlife management authority of a country that the multinational Species Conservation Fund is established in title I. there is established a separate account to be known as ""Rare Cats and Canids Conservation Fund"" amounts received by the Secretary in form of such donations shall be transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit into such account under subsection (c)$5,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund. this Act will be carried out in fiscal years 2015 through 2019. if approved, there will be a $5,000,000 grant. "
780,"<pad> summarize: lands constituting the 1988 Reservation Addition were purchased by the Jicarilla Apache Nation in June 1985. they were conveyed to the u.s. by a trust deed accepted by the Secretary of the Interior in March 1988. there is pending a lawsuit that involves a claim that a county road passing through the 1988 Reservation Addition had been established by prescription prior to acquisition of the land by the Jicarilla Apache Nation in 1985 section 4 of this Act shall not take effect until the Secretary finds the following events have occurred. if the Secretary finds that the conditions set forth in subsection (a) have occurred, the Secretary shall publish such findings in the Federal Register. if the Secretary finds that the conditions set forth in subsection (a) have occurred, the Secretary shall publish such findings in the Federal Register. ratification and approval are effective only upon satisfaction of all conditions in section 3. ratification and approval are subjected to the exceptions and restrictive covenants outlined in section 3 c. the patent to be issued by the Secretary under subsection (b) shall be subject to all valid existing rights of third parties, including but not limited to easements of record. the lands conveyed to Rio Arriba County in the patent shall cease to be a part of the Jicarilla Apache Reservation. the exterior boundary of the Jicarilla Apache Reservation shall be deemed relocated accordingly."
781,"<pad> summarize: pleasure cruise industry is one of the fastest-growing segments of the tourism industry. it is expected to grow at a rate of 5 percent a year over the next few years. all the cruise vessels carrying passengers to and from United States ports are foreign-flag vessels.the term ""cruise vessel"" does not apply to a vessel which provides ferry services or intracoastal waterway cruises. the term ""repair and maintenance service"" includes alterations and upgrades. Exceptions. if the Secretary finds that the repair and maintenance service is not available in the United States."
782,"<pad> summarize: sen. edward mcdonald resigned from his job as sen. mcdonald resigned. mcdonald resigned from his job as sen. mcdonald. section 142(b) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended. it is striking ""such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2007 through 2009"" and inserting $66,300,000 for each fiscal years 2017 through 2021. subparagraph (B) of section 115(b)(2) is amended by striking ""25 years"" and inserting ""15 years"". if amended. if amended. if amended. if amended. section 118(c) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended. it is redesigned as paragraph (4) as paragraph (5). sex offender was adjudicated delinquent.Section 125 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended. it includes striking ""jurisdiction"" each place it appears and inserting ""State"" and inserting ""section 505(c)"" a State subject to a reduction in funding under subsection (a) shall calculate the amount to be made available to units of local government by the State pursuant to the formula under section 505(c) section 635 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is amended. it includes striking ""not later than July 1 of each year"" and inserting ""On January 1 of each year"" in paragraph (4), by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (5), by adding after paragraph (5) the number of sex offenders registered. Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ""or 4246"" and inserting "", 4246, or 4248"" Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ""or 4246""Section 2255(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""three years"" and inserting ""ends"" before the period at the end. ""ends"" before the period at the end are added.TRIBAL ACCESS PROGRAM authorized to provide technical assistance, including equipment, to tribal governments. the Attorney General is authorized to provide technical assistance, including equipment, to tribal governments. federal criminal information databases can be used to access, enter information into and obtain information.sex offender shall appear not less than one time per year. a jurisdiction may allow a sex offender to comply with the requirements under subsection (a) by video conference. sex offender shall appear in person not less than one time a year. "
783,"<pad> summarize: the term ""personally identifiable information"" means any information that identifies an individual or could reasonably be used to identify an individual that is collected pursuant to a survey conducted by the Bureau of the Census. the director shall publish a public database, available at the Director's discretion. the director may disclose personally identifiable information to an individual who has special sworn status as implemented by the Bureau of the Census under section 9 and section 23 of title 12, United States Code"
784,"<pad> summarize: if a palestinian state is unilaterally rescinded, measures shall be applied. it shall be unlawful for the government of any unilaterally declared palestinian state to establish or maintain an office, headquarters, premises or other establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States. a suspension of the application of any of paragraphs (3) through (5) shall cease to be effective after one year."
785,<pad> summarize: nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's nsa's ns cnn's ed mcdonald's will work with cnn's center for risk and economic analysis of terrorists. mcdonald's will work to evaluate feasibility and practicality of creating incentives for critical infrastructure stakeholders to participate in the sharing of Protected critical infrastructure information.
786,<pad> summarize: an MA broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph. a disqualification under this paragraph relates directly or indirectly to the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. the term 'eligible privately held company' means a privately held company. this Act and any amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act and any amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment.
787,"<pad> summarize: a grant under this section may be awarded to an entity requesting a grant. the director shall establish a standardized reporting system for recorded data collected by body-worn cameras. the director may waive, in whole or in part, the matching requirement described in paragraph (1). a grant under this section may not transfer any recorded data collected by a body-mounted camera."
788,"<pad> summarize: Section 3 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act is amended in subsection (b) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: In general. each Director (other than a Director described in paragraph (1)) shall be appointed for a term of 6 years. Section 4(a)(1)(B) of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 USC. 4403(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ""Secretary Section 4 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act is amended in subsection (c) by striking ""(c) Powers. To carry out its purposes under"" and indenting appropriately. by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (11) as subparagraphs (A) through (K), and indenting appropriately. by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (11) as subparagraphs (A) through (11) federal departments, agencies, or instrumentalities may provide federal funds to the Foundation. federal departments, agencies, or instrumentalities may advance amounts described in subparagraph (A) to the Foundation in a lump sum. the Foundation may assess and collect fees for the management of amounts received under this paragraph. section 11 of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act is amended by inserting ""exclusive"" before ""authority"" section 11 is amended by inserting ""exclusive"" before ""authority"" section 11 is amended by inserting ""exclusive"" before ""authority"" "
789,"<pad> summarize: anti-semitism in countries across the world has increased significantly in frequency and scope over the last several years. the sharp rise in anti-Semitic violence has caused international organizations such as the OSCE to elevate and bring renewed focus to the issue. SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to strongly support efforts to combat anti-Semitism worldwide. the department should thoroughly document acts of anti-Semitism that occur around the world. the secretary of state submits a report on acts of anti-semitism around the world. he will submit a description of acts of physical violence against, or harassment of, Jewish people. he will submit to the committee on foreign relations of the Senate."
790,<pad> summarize: u.s. and other developed nations are responsible for excessive military spending. u.s. and international financial institutions have subsidized excessive military spending in numerous countries. u.s. and international financial institutions have subsidized excessive military expenditures.PURPOSE. this act is to enhance international security by using the resources and expertise of the international financial institutions and the United Nations to redirect world military spending to human development....... special envoys for conflict prevention to organise mutual disarmament talks. commit each member state to agree to meet with its regional special envoy within 3 months of appointment to deliver and discuss its proposal for regional confidence-building measures.enactment of this Act would allow a dramatic reduction in military spending by the year 2000. the president will prepare and deliver a report as described in section 4(2). he will also deliver a report to congress and to the secretary general of the united nations. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS should designate the United States Agency for International Development to be the lead agency for the determinations made pursuant to section 576. the president should report annually to the Congress on the progress made by international financial institutions in integrating military spending issues such as those raised in this Act into the loan review process of such international financial institutions.
791,"<pad> summarize: Section 5102 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. if the Secretary notifies a claimant and the claimant's representative that certain information is necessary to complete the claimant's application. this subsection shall not apply to any application or claim for Government life insurance benefits.subsection 5103 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""in writing"" in the first sentence after ""shall notify"" a claimant was misled by a notification from the Secretary that information needed to substantiate the claim was required to be submitted before the end of the one-year period provided in section 5103 of title 38, United States Code. a new decision shall be issued if the request, information, and evidence notice of disagreement may be referred to as 'notice of disagreement' unless the claimant or the claimant's representative clearly indicates that the claimant does not want appellate review of the determination in whole or in part, such notice shall be sufficient to initiate appellate review of the determination. unless it is not clear whether or not appellate review is desired or what issue or issues are being appealed, the claimant shall be notified"
792,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: there's a compelling need to establish national protection for inventoried roadless areas. avlon: roadless areas protect healthy watersheds and their numerous benefits including protecting downstream communities from floods and tempering the effects of drought. avlon: roadless areas conserve native biodiversity by serving as a bulwark against the spread of nonnative invasive species. avlon ""classified road"" includes a state road, county road, privately-owned road. the term ""responsible official"" means a Forest Service line officer or employee. the term ""responsible official"" means an area identified in a roadless area map. road construction and road reconstruction may not take place in an inventoried roadless area of the National Forest System. road construction and road reconstruction may not take place if the responsible official determines that a road is needed to protect public health and safety. a classified road in an inventoried roadless area may be maintained.timber may not be cut, sold, or removed in an inventoried roadless area. the cutting, sale, or removal of generally small diameter timber will improve or maintain 1 or more roadless area characteristics. is needed to improve habitat for threatened, endangered, candidate, or sensitive species, and species proposed for listing.modifying a roadless area map under subsection (a) may be made in accordance with the national forest management act of 1976. the Secretary may make 1 or more modifications to a roadless area map to improve the accuracy or inclusiveness of the roadless area map.this Act does not revoke, suspend, or modify any permit, contract, or other legal instrument authorizing the occupancy and use of national forest system land issued or entered into before January 12, 2001. or apply to road construction, reconstruction, or the cutting, sale, or removal of timber in an inventoried roadless area of the Tongass National Forest if a notice of availability of a draft environmental impact statement has been published before January 12, 2001. "
793,"<pad> summarize: chapter 11 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""226. Distribution of a defective product"" the term'serious bodily injury' means bodily injury that involves a substantial risk of death. the term'serious bodily injury' means bodily injury that involves a substantial risk of death. section 1660 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. a court shall enter an order restricting the disclosure of information obtained through discovery. the protection from disclosure provided by the order is no broader than necessary to protect the interest in maintaining confidentiality. Section 30115 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence. section 30118 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in subsections (a), (b) and (c), by inserting "", original equipment"" before ""or replacement equipment"" each place it appears. "
794,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the Commission on Closure and Relocation of the Lorton Correctional Complex. there is established a commission on Closure and Relocation of the Lorton Correctional Complex. lorton correctional complex will be closed by 2010. the plan will identify and recommend options for the use of the land on which the complex is located. new model prison facilities will be established within the district of columbia.members appointed by the fairfax county board of supervisors. members appointed by the mayor of the district of columbia. members appointed by the mayor of the district of columbia. members appointed by the president.DIRECTOR AND STAFF OF COMMISSION shall have a Director. he shall be appointed by the Commission and paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule. appointment and pay of staff may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code.the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. any member or agent may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. the Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the United States information necessary to enable it to carry out section 3. the Commission shall submit to the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, the Mayor of the District of Columbia, and appropriate Committees of Congress interim reports. such reports shall be submitted at the end of the 6th and 12th month after the date of the enactment of this Act.TERMINATION: The Commission shall terminate 90 days after submitting its final report pursuant to section 7 of section 7. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. AUTHORIZATION. to carry out this Act there is authorized to be appropriated an amount not to exceed 11,000..........."
795,"<pad> summarize: section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c) in the subsection heading, by striking ""One- Year"" and inserting ""Two-Year"" in paragraph (b), by striking ""1-year period"" and inserting ""2-year period"" in subsection (b), by striking ""1 year"" and inserting ""2 years""Section 313 of the federal election campaign act of 1971 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Restrictions on Payments to Spouses and Immediate Family Members. Exception for nominal reimbursements. Paragraph (1) does not apply to nominal amounts paid to reimburse a spouse or immediate family member for supplies and equipment used by the committee or leadership PAC involved. the total amount paid for such reimbursements during a calendar year does not exceed training course will cover information on the code of conduct and disclosure requirements applicable to Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives, including rules relating to acceptance of gifts and financial disclosure requirements. penalties for failure to complete training. a person who is registered or required to register as a lobbyist under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 shall be subject to the penalties under section 7 of that Act. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS REGARDING THE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS should strengthen, not undermine, its powers to further improve accountability and transparency in Congress. subpoenas issued under this section may be issued under the chairman and cochairman of the board of the Office of Congressional Ethics. subpoenas issued under this section may be issued only by the agreement of the chairman and cochairman of the board of the Office of Congressional Ethics."
796,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Executive Organization"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Executive Organization"" ESTABLISHMENT. the Commission shall examine and make recommendations with respect to an effective and practicable organization of the executive branch of the federal government. recommendations include criteria for use by the President and the Congress in evaluating proposals for changes in the structure of the executive branch of the federal government. the organization of the executive branch into not more than 8 departments, which shall include the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Defense. a member of the Commission shall be its Chairman. the President shall designate a member of the Commission to be its Chairman. the president shall designate a member of the Commission to be its Chairman. a member of the Commission shall be its Chairman.a member of the Commission shall receive no pay, allowances, or benefits. he or she shall be a member of the Commission. he or she shall be a member of the Commission. he or she shall be a member. the commission may hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, as the Commission considers appropriate. rules may be necessary to establish procedures and to govern the manner of the operation, organization, and personnel of the Commission. the head of such department, agency, or other instrumentality shall furnish such information to the Commission upon request made by the Chairman. APPLICABILITY OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT. the Commission shall be an advisory committee for purposes of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. if you have any questions, you may contact a member of the advisory committee.TERMINATION OF COMMISSION shall cease to exist 30 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report required under section 3(b). the Commission shall cease to exist on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report required under section 3(b). Comptroller General of the united states, the director of the Congressional Research Service, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office and the director of the Office of Technology Assessment each submit to the Commission an index. such materials may include reports, analyses, recommendations, and results of research of such organizations.there are authorized to be appropriated not more than $1,500,000 for carrying out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated not more than $1,500,000 for carrying out this Act. if you are a member of the Commission, please contact the Commission. this Act shall take effect on february 1, 1994. it will take effect on february 1, 1994. it will take effect on february 1, 1994......."
797,"<pad> summarize: part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end thereof a new subpart. ""Subpart H Environmental Remediation Credit"" is a credit for environmental remediation. a credit for environmental remediation is required.environmental remediation credit determined under this section is 50 percent of the costs incurred by the taxpayer. a taxpayer shall not be eligible for an environmental remediation credit if a qualified contaminated site has not been in productive use for at least 1 year before participation in the environmental remediation credit program redevelopment occurs. a taxpayer may cease the implementation of such plan unless the Administrator certifies that such plan has been completed. if the taxpayer certifies subparagraph (A) of section 144(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end of clause (iii) the costs of environmental remediation are incurred pursuant to an environmental remediation plan approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency or by the head of any state or local government agency designated by the Administrator to carry out the Administrator's functions under this clause. "
798,"<pad> summarize: Section 403A is amended in subsection (a)(4), by striking ""or"" at the end. the term <unk> identical' means that the language under the laws of a State is substantially the same language as the comparable provision under this Act. if the Secretary has promulgated a regulation or adopted a final guidance relating to a requirement in a section of Federal law referred to in subsection (a)(6), the Secretary may the amendments take effect only if the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies to the Congress that the implementation of such amendments will pose no additional risk to the public health or safety from terrorists attacks relating to the food supply."
799,"<pad> summarize: Section 2 of Public Law 93-100 is amended by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections and (d), respectively. any depository institution may permit the owner of any deposit or account on which interest or dividends are paid to make up to 24 transfers per month, for any purpose, to another account.Section 2 of Public Law 93-100 (USC. 1832(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows. Section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act is amended by striking subsection (i). Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended by striking subsection (g) Section 19(b) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 USC. 461(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Earnings on reserves. the Board may prescribe regulations concerning the payment of earnings in accordance with this paragraph. the Board may prescribe regulations concerning the payment of earnings in accordance with this paragraph. Section 19(b)(2) of the Federal Reserve Act (USC. 461(b)(2)) is amended in clause (i) by striking ""the ratio of 3 per centum"" and inserting ""a ratio not greater than 3 percent"" "
800,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible individual' means any taxpayer whose principal residence is a qualified dwelling unit located in an area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assistance from the federal government. the term 'qualified dwelling unit' has the same meaning as when used in section 121. 'qualified dwelling unit' means a dwelling unit assessed at a value that is less than $1,000,000 by the locality in which such dwelling unit is located. eligible individuals may be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the first taxable year after the date of the enactment of this section. the credit allowed under subsection (a) shall not exceed $5,000. the term ""eligible individual"" means any taxpayer whose principal residence, as of the last day of the taxable year, is a qualified dwelling unit located in an area determined to warrant individual"
801,"<pad> summarize: Section 1833(t)(3)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act is amended. the amendment shall take effect as if included in the provision of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 relating to the amendment. the amendment shall take effect as if included in the provision of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. Section 4523 of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 is amended by adding at the end: Temporary Limit on Reductions in Federal Payments. the amount that is paid from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for covered OPD Services furnished by a hospital in a rural area during a calendar year specified in subsection (a) may not be less than the applicable percentage of the case mix adjusted average amount that would have been payable to such hospital if the Section 1888(e)(2)(A)(ii) of the social security act is amended by inserting ""ambulance and transport services furnished to patients requiring outpatient dialysis services,"" after ""section 1861(s)(2)"" Section 1820(c)(2)(B)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395i- 4(c)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ""to exceed 96 hours"" and inserting ""to exceed, on average, 96 hours per patient"" part b. Section 1814(l) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395m(g) is amended by adding Section 1888(e)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395yy(e)(7)) is amended to read as follows: Exclusion. the prospective payment system established under this subsection shall not apply to services provided by a hospital under an agreement described in section 1883. the amendments made by this section shall apply to services furnished on or after October 1, 1999.Section 1861(v)(1)(T)(iii) of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""45"" and inserting ""10"" Effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the provision of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 to which the amendment relates.Section 1833f of the social security act is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, (2) by inserting ""(1)"" after ""(f)"" The Secretary may not apply productivity guidelines in determining the reasonable costs of rural health clinics for services furnished in calendar year 1998, 1999, 2000, or 2001.section 1886(b)(3)(b)(3)(B)(ii)(VII) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(ii)(VlI) is amended to read as follows. the entire amount necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be available only if an official budget request for the entire amount is transmitted to the Congress. the entire amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A of such Act. "
802,"<pad> summarize: income taxes on unearned income produce only about 11 percent of total federal revenue. favored by a large number of special tax provisions. unearned income is favored by a large number of special tax provisions. for over 90 percent of the population the combined tax on earned income 30.3 percent or 43.3 percent is higher than the income tax rates of 15 percent and 28 percent that apply. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1999. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1999. Section 15 Not To Apply. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall not be treated as a change in the rate of a tax imposed for purposes of section 15 of such Code. Section 1014 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is hereby repealed. the term <unk> carryover basis property' means property acquired from or passed from a decedent dying after December 31, 1999. if any additional estate tax is or has been imposed by section 2032A(c), the basis of any property shall be determined without regard to this paragraph. if any additional estate tax is or would be recaptured. table in section 168(c) is amended by striking ""39 years"" and inserting ""100 years"" amendment applies to property placed in service by the taxpayer after December 31, 1999. if a property is placed in service by the taxpayer after December 31, 1999. "
803,"<pad> summarize: consumer product safety Commission conducts approximately 300 recalls each year. the consumer product safety Commission staff relies on the media and retailers to alert consumers to dangers of unsafe consumer products. consumers of other 93 percent of consumer products produced and distributed do not return purchaser identification cards because of requests for marketing and personal information in the cards. the definitions set forth in section 3 of the Consumer Product Safety Act shall apply to this Act. the term ""covered consumer product"" means a juvenile product, (B) a small household appliance. the term ""covered consumer product"" includes, but is not limited to, full-size cribs and nonfull-size cribs. the Commission shall promulgate a rule under section 16(b) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 USC. 2065(b)) that requires that the manufacturer of a covered consumer product shall establish and maintain a system for providing notification of recalls of such product to consumers of such product. alternative methods specified in the rule may include use of on-line product registration and consumer notification, consumer information data bases, electronic tagging and bar codes, embedded computer"
804,"<pad> summarize: a loan under section 3715 shall be advanced to the holder of the primary loan. a loan under section 3715 shall bear no interest until the date on which payments are due. the secretary may require the veteran to make partial payments on the loan. Section 3703(c)(4)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by striking out ""Discount"" and in lieu thereof ""Exempt in the case of a loan for the purpose specified in section 3710(a)(8), 3710(b)(7), or section 3712(a)(1) of this title, discount"" section 3707(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking out. ""on the anniversary of the date on which the loan was closed"". if the loan was closed, it would be refunded.section 2303 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following. in the case of a veteran who is eligible for burial in a national cemetery under section 2402 of this title. the Secretary shall pay to such State, agency, or political subdivision the sum of $150. paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2408(b) are each amended by striking out ""50 percent"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""65 percent"". paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2408(b) are each amended by striking out ""50 percent"" paragraph (2) of section 2408(a) of title 38 is amended by striking out ""nine"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""fourteen"". if amended. if amended. if amended. if amended.Section 12 of the Homeless Veterans Comprehensive Service Programs Act of 1992 is amended by striking out the second sentence. passed the house of representatives September 21, 1993. attest: 'i'm not able to do anything wrong'"
805,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 101(a)(15)(P) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end. Section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(P)(iv) is amended by striking ""clause (i), (ii), or (iii), or (iii)"" and inserting ""clause (i), (iii), or (iii), or (iii)"" the"
806,"<pad> summarize: a committee to be known as the Tick-Borne Disorders Advisory Committee will be established. it will advise the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of Health. if there is a vacancy on the Committee, such position shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. if there is a vacancy, such position shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each fiscal years 2003-2007. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2003-2007 to provide for research and educational activities concerning Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders. there are authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2003-2007.the secretary of health and human services should consider carrying out a five-year plan. it should provide for the coordination of programs and activities relating to Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders that are conducted or supported by the federal government. the goal described in this paragraph is to accurately determine the prevalence of Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders in the united states."
807,"<pad> summarize: more than 1,000,000,000 people in the developing world are living in severe poverty. mortality for children under the age of 5 averages 100 child deaths per thousand for all developing countries - nearly double that rate in the poorest countries. u.s. agency for international development can continue to play a leadership role in the global effort to expand financial services and opportunity to 100,000,000 of the world's poorest families. aims of this Act are to make microenterprise development the centerpiece of the overall economic growth strategy of the United States Agency for International Development. to support and develop the capacity of United States and indigenous nongovernmental organization intermediaries to provide credit, savings, and training services to microentrepreneurs.MICRO- AND SMALL ENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS is amended. the congress finds and declares that the development of micro- and small enterprise is a vital factor in the stable growth of developing countries and in the development and stability of a free, open, and equitable international economic system. MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT GRANT ASSISTANCE is authorized to provide grant assistance. Approximately one-half of the credit assistance authorized under paragraph (1) shall be used for poverty lending programs. the Administrator should continue support for mechanisms that provide technical support for field missions.IFAD has been a significant supporter of microenterprise and other microfinance activities for the rural poor almost since its inception. IFAD can make a significant contribution to developing a global network of sustainable microenterprise and other microfinance institutions which serve the very poor through support for nongovernmental organizations and other community based microcredit institutions. u.s. representative to the u.s. should use voice and vote of the united states. u.s. representative to the u.s. to support UNDP's microstart program. "
808,"<pad> summarize: the Telecommunications Act was enacted to foster the rapid deployment of advanced telecommunications and information technologies and services to all americans. fewer than two percent of the Nation's subscriber lines installed in the aggregate nationwide. existing regulations are typically tailored to the circumstances of larger carriers and therefore often impose disproportionate burdens on two percent carriers. section 3 of communications Act of 1934 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (51) and (52) as paragraph(53), respectively. the term 'two percent carrier' means an incumbent local exchange carrier whose access lines are fewer than two percent of the Nation's subscriber lines installed in the aggregate nationwide.a two-percent carrier may elect to be regulated by the Commission under price cap rate regulation. a two-percent carrier may elect to be regulated by the Commission under price cap rate regulation. a two-percent carrier may elect to be regulated by the Commission under price cap rate regulation. a two-percent carrier may make an election pursuant to section 284. a two-percent carrier may make an election pursuant to section 284. a two-percent carrier may make an election pursuant to section 284. a two-percent carrier may make an election pursuant to section 284.Section 405 of the Communications Act of 1934 is amended by adding to the end: Expedited Action Required. Time limit. if the Commission fails to act on a petition for reconsideration or other review subject to the requirements of this section within such 90-day period, the relief sought in such petition shall be deemed granted. "
809,<pad> summarize: section 1312(d)(3)(D) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended. the term <unk> political appointee' means any individual who is employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5.
810,"<pad> summarize: the Attorney General is authorized to carry out a program to award grants to eligible local law enforcement agencies. grant funds will be used by an eligible local law enforcement agency to hire and rehire career law enforcement officers for deployment in the jurisdiction of the agency. grants will be used by an eligible local law enforcement agency to hire and rehire career law enforcement officers who have been laid off. the Attorney General is authorized to carry out a program to award grants to eligible organizations to enhance public safety through the activities described in subsection (c) a nonprofit organization that operates in one or more elevated need localities may be eligible for grants. grants may include purchasing public safety equipment, funding public safety programs and making infrastructure improvements for the purpose of enhancing public safety. "
811,"<pad> summarize: grants under subsection (a) may be awarded to local educational agencies to provide financial assistance to elementary and secondary schools for obtaining computer software for bilingual education. grant under this section may be used to provide financial assistance only to an elementary or secondary school that meets the criteria of paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) grants may be awarded to local educational agencies to provide financial assistance to elementary and secondary schools for obtaining computers. grants may be used to provide financial assistance only to an elementary or secondary school in which a majority of the students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. eligible partnerships may make grants to pay the Federal share of the cost of establishing and carrying out information technology training programs for former participants in training programs who haven't received information technology certification, minorities, women, older individuals, veterans, Native Americans, and dislocated workers. a partnership shall consist of an institution of higher education, and a private organization, such as an information technology trade or professional association. a partnership shall consist of an institution of higher education grant to local educational agencies may not exceed the product determined by multiplying $5,000 by the number of teachers described in the application for the grant. a local educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. a local educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner. grants are authorized by the Secretary of Education. eligible students are eligible to enter the teaching workforce. a student must obtain both technological and bilingual education. a student must be able to enter the teaching workforce. a student must be able to obtain both technological and bilingual education. ""certified commercial information technology training provider"" means a private sector provider of educational products and services used for training in information technology that is certified by 1 or more software publishers or hardware manufacturers with respect to the curriculum that is used for the training. the term ""dislocated worker"" has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998."
812,"<pad> summarize: Section 3315A of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""shall be determined"" and all that follows and inserting ""shall be pro-rated based on the actual amount of the fee charged for the test"" the amendments made by this Act shall apply to a test taken after the date that is 90 days after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 3015(h)(2) of title 38 is amended by striking ""fiscal year 2014"" and inserting ""fiscal year 2025"" and inserting ""fiscal year 2024"" all-Volunteer force.Section 3692(c) of such title is amended by striking ""December 31, 2016"" and inserting ""December 31, 2021"". veterans' ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION. the secretary of Veterans Affairs sets forth training requirements relating to training for school certifying officials employed by covered educational institutions offering courses of education approved under chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code. the term ""covered educational institution"" means an educational institution with primary responsibility for certifying veteran enrollment at the educational institution.REDUCTION OF HOUSING STIPEND PAYMENTS FOR REDUCTION OF COURSE HOURS is amended to read as follows. any monthly housing stipend payable under section 403 of title 37 will be determined utilizing rates for basic allowances for housing payable under section 403 of title 37 in effect as of January 1 of such calendar year. if the Secretary determines that an individual received a monthly housing stip Section 3684(c) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. the reporting fee shall be computed for each calendar year by multiplying $12 by the number of eligible veterans or eligible persons enrolled under this chapter or chapter 31, 34, or 35 of this title. the reporting fee shall be paid to such educational institution or joint apprenticeship training committee as soon as feasible after the end of the calendar year for which it is applicable."
813,"<pad> summarize: section 473(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ""Notwithstanding"" and inserting ""subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of paragraph"" in paragraph (3) by striking ""paragraph (2)"" and inserting ""subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of paragraph"" in paragraph (3) by adding at Section 401(b)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (USC. 1070a(b)(2)) is amended by striking the matter preceding clause (i) of subparagraph (A) and inserting a new subparagraph. the amount of the federal pell grant for a student eligible under this part shall be. a student who meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii) and the budgetary effects of this Act will be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ""Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation"" for this Act. it was submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on July 1, 2017.................. "
814,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE aims to provide for the creation of a system of state-based electronic libraries. they provide robust and reliable computer program support services for search and retrieval. they include, but not limited to, tools for intelligent querying.the national Science Foundation is authorized to make multiyear grants to states to develop electronic libraries. these libraries will provide delivery of and access to databases, computer programs and interactive multimedia presentations. these libraries shall provide delivery of and access to a variety of databases, computer programs and interactive multimedia presentations. they will provide delivery of and access to a variety of databases, computer programs and interactive multimedia presentations. statewide plan for a network accessible electronic library aims to provide for widespread access to such a library. the plan will provide for hardware and software for demonstration and use purposes. such hardware and software will include but not be limited to computer-based servers and work stations. the plan shall provide for widespread access to such a library.states which meet the criteria in section 4 shall be eligible to apply for grants under this Act. ELIGIBILITY. states who meet the criteria in section 4 must be eligible to apply for grants under this Act..the national science foundation under section 1501 of title 31 is authorized to transfer funds on a reimbursable basis to other agencies of the federal government. the funds are transferred on a reimbursable basis. to carry out this Act, there are authorized for fiscal year 1994, $10,000,000, for fiscal year 1995, $25,000,000. each fiscal year thereafter, such sums as may be necessary. for each fiscal year thereafter, such sums may be necessary. "
815,<pad> summarize: a state may make grants to local educational agencies to assist them in hiring additional school-based mental health and student service providers. a state may use a portion of the assistance made available under this chapter. a state may use a portion of the assistance made available under this chapter.
816,"<pad> summarize: Section 474 of the social security act is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary may not make a payment to a State under subsection (a) for any calendar quarter beginning after the 18-month period that begins with the date of the enactment of this subsection. the individual must take and pass an examination, administered by the State, that tests knowledge of such subjects.section 474 of the social security act, as amended by section 2 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following. if a child is removed from a home and placed in foster care under the supervision of a State, the Secretary may not make a payment to a State for a calendar quarter unless the State has in effect procedures requiring the State agency to locate any parent of the child. state option to deem Kinship Placement as Adoption is amended. if a state places a child with a blood relative of the child or of a half-sibling of the child. a relative is deemed the adoptive parent of the child.section 474 of the social security act, as amended by sections 2 and 3 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary may not make any payment to a State under this section, for any calendar quarter ending after the 5-year period that begins with the date of the enactment of this subsection unless the State has in effect laws and procedures requiring a State agency to complete the processing of an application to adopt a child amendments to this Act apply to payments under part E of title IV of the social security act. payments beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act enacted. if you have any questions, please contact us if you have any questions."
817,"<pad> summarize: october 11, 2001 hazard described in subsection (a) is an occupational and environmental health chemical hazard of particular concern. hazard is defined as an occupational and environmental health chemical hazard of particular concern. hazard may have been exposed in the line of duty to a hazard described in subsection (a). hazard may have been exposed in the line of duty to a hazard described in subsection ( the Institute of Medicine shall review scientific evidence for each incident involving one or more members of the Armed Forces. if a statistical association exists with the acute and long-term health consequences of such hazard, the Institute of Medicine shall review the scientific evidence and assess the strength thereof. if a plausible biological mechanism or other evidence of a causal relationship between the occupational and environmental health chemical hazard and the health consequences of such hazard exists, section 1710(e) of title 38, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1). a veteran who was exposed to an occupational and environmental health chemical hazard of particular concern is eligible for hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care under subsection (a)(2)(F) for any disability. in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ""there is limited or suggestive evidence of the lack of a positive association between occurrence of"
818,"<pad> summarize: more than 17 million people live in manufactured homes disproportionately low-income households. in 2013, the median annual household income was $28,400. in the late 1990s, manufactured housing represented two-thirds of the new affordable housing produced in the united states. in 2009, 43 percent of new homes that sold for less than $150,000 were manufactured homes.'manufactured home' means a community comprised primarily of manufactured homes used solely for residential purposes and owned by a manufactured home community cooperative or corporation. the term'manufactured home' means a community comprised primarily of manufactured homes used solely for residential purposes and owned solely by a manufactured home community cooperative or corporation.'manufactured home' means a community comprised primarily"
819,<pad> summarize: Section 8 of the national Voter Registration Act of 1993 is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) a State may not remove a registrant from the official list of eligible voters unless the State certifies to the Election Assistance Commission that the State has in effect procedures for such removal which meet the requirements of this subsection and any other requirements applicable under this section. registrants may file a written appeal to an appropriate State election official to withdraw the
820,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 210 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency"" Section 210 of title 5, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency."" Section 210. ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS."
821,"<pad> summarize: since 1988, Congress has authorized reimbursements to certified nurse-midwives. since 1993, Congress authorized reimbursements to certified nurse-midwives to also provide additional services outside the maternity cycle. medical disparities in the united states continue to be a critical problem.section 1861(gg) is amended by inserting ""and certified midwife services"" before the semicolon. the term 'certified midwife services' means such services furnished by a certified midwife. the certified midwife is legally authorized to perform under state law. in order to carry out the amendments made by this Act in a timely manner. the secretary of health will promulgate regulations that take effect on an interim basis. pending opportunity for public comment pending enactment. "
822,"<pad> summarize: california's city of los angeles, california is characterized as a city. a federal share of a pilot project under this subsection shall not exceed $5,000. a credit provided under this clause may be used to carry out the pilot project."
823,"<pad> summarize: section 2(g) is amended by inserting before the period at the end. ADDITION OF WILDLIFE USED IN PENNED DOG TRAINING ACTIVITIES TO DEFINITION OF PROHIBITED WILDLIFE SPECIES. ADDITION OF WILDLIFE USED IN PENNED DOG TRAINING ACTIVITIES.Section 3 of the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 is amended in subsection (a) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ""or"" after the semicolon, (ii) in subparagraph (B), and by inserting ""or subsection "" before the period. in subsection (e) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) respectively. it is unlawful to import, export, transport, sell, section 3 of the Captive Wildlife Safety Act is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""(a) In general. Section 3"" and inserting ""Section 3"", and by striking subsection (b). section 3 of the captive wildlife safety act is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""(a) In general. Section 3"" and inserting ""Section 3"" "
824,"<pad> summarize: a prescription for a covered part D drug must be transmitted electronically by a health care practitioner. a prescription issued when the prescriber and dispenser are the same entity. the secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking, have authority to enforce and specify appropriate penalties for noncompliance."
825,"<pad> summarize: Section 8(b) of such Act is amended by adding after subsection (h) the Board shall make public all reports and relevant scientific information. the Board shall make public all reports and relevant scientific information. the Board shall make public all reports and relevant scientific information. if the Board feels compelled to offer policy advice, the Board shall explicitly distinguish between scientific advice."
826,"<pad> summarize: if a taxpayer has a net capital gain for any taxable year, then the tax imposed by this section shall not exceed the sum of a tax computed at the rates and in the same manner as if this subsection hadn't been enacted on the taxable income reduced by the net capital gain. if this subsection had not been enacted on the taxable income reduced by the net capital gain, then the tax imposed by this section Section 1201 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c), and by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: General Rule. if for any taxable year a corporation has a net capital gain, there is hereby imposed a tax which shall consist of the sum of a tax computed on the taxable income reduced by the net capital gain, at the same rates and in the same subparagraph (A) of section 55(b)(1) is amended to read as follows. the sum of 15 percent of the lesser of the net capital gain is reduced by. 20 percent of the amount by which the excess referred to in clause (i)(II) exceeds the net capital gain. 'indexed asset' means stock in a corporation, and tangible property. Exception for depreciation, depletion, and amortization shall be determined without regard to the application of paragraph (1) to the taxpayer or any other person. the amendments made by this Act shall apply to sales and exchanges occurring after December 31, 1992, in taxable years ending after such date. HR 777 IH 2 is based in london. the amendments will apply to sales and exchanges occurring after December 31, 1992, in taxable years ending after such date."
827,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 1058 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""1058. Abused dependents: payment of transitional and indemnity compensation"" if a member of the armed forces is separated from the armed forces, the Secretary may pay monthly transitional and indemnity compensation in accordance with this section. if a spouse or former spouse is convicted of a dependent-abuse offense"
828,"<pad> summarize: the term ""border area"" has the meaning given the term ""United States-Mexico Border Area"" in section 8 of the border health Commission Act. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of health and human services. eligible entities are eligible for grants under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. an eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (b) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. eligible entities are eligible for bioterrorism preparedness in the border area. an eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (b) must submit an application containing such information. an eligible entity must use the grant funds to develop and implement bioterror preparedness plans and readiness assessments and purchase items necessary for such plans. the u.s.-mexico border health Commission Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS"" there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2007 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year.""health alert system alerts clinicians and public health officials of emerging disease clusters and syndromes along border area. alerted to signs of health threats or bioterrorism along border area. if you have any questions, please contact the secretary of homeland security if you have any questions.the secretary of health and human services enters into a contract with the Institute of medicine. the institute shall solicit input from border health experts and health insurance issuers. report. not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary enters into the contract under subsection (a) the Institute of medicine shall submit to the Secretary and the appropriate committees of Congress a report concerning the study conducted under such contract. Section 5 of the border health commission Act is amended by adding at the end: Providing Advice and recommendations to Congress. a member of the Commission, or an individual who is on the staff of the Commission, may at any time provide advice or recommendations to Congress concerning issues that are considered by the Commission. "
829,"<pad> summarize: there is a lack of uniform newborn screening throughout the united states. there are more than 2,000 babies born every year in the u.s. each year. there are more than 2,000 babies born every year in the united states with detectable and treatable disorders that go unscreened through newborn screening. grant funds to assist health care professionals based on congenital, genetic, and metabolic disorders. grants to assist families, families, and patient advocacy and support groups. grant funds may not be approved unless approved by the Secretary."
830,"<pad> summarize: no assessment may be made after the date of the enactment of this Act. such assessment shall be abated if such tax was assessed on or before such date. no tax imposed by subpart A, B, B, C, D, or E may be made. subpart F of part II of subchapter A of chapter 51 of such Code is amended. amended by striking ""type for which"" and inserting ""type with respect to which section 5131 applies"" distilled spirits received were used in manufacture or production of medicines, medicinal preparations, food products, flavors, flavoring extracts, or perfume which were unfit for beverage purposes. a penalty of $1,000 for each failure to comply unless it is shown that the"
831,"<pad> summarize: all Americans should honor those who come home having survived the ordeal of war. all Americans should solemnly honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice in giving their lives for their country. in 2000, Congress authorized the construction of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial.$1 silver coins minted under title 31, United States Code will be legal tender. each coin shall weigh 26.73 grams, (2) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. the coins minted under this Act shall be considered numismatic items. design of coins minted under this Act will be emblematic. design will be selected by the Secretary. design will be reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee. inscriptions will be used to identify the value of the coin minted. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins under this Act only during the calendar year beginning on January 1, 2006. if minted under this Act. sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins.all surcharges received from sale of coins issued under this Act shall be paid to the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation for the purpose of establishing an endowment to support the construction of the American Veterans' Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington, D. C. Audits. the Comptroller General of the United States shall have the right to examine such books, records, documents, and other data of the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act will result in any net cost. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union Administration Board. "
832,"<pad> summarize: 4 tribally-operated Indian Health Service hospitals and clinics began the program in fiscal year 1989. the demonstration program was originally to expire on September 30, 1996. it would be beneficial to the Indian Health Service and to other Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Alaska Native health organizations. Section 405 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act is amended to read as follows: Establishment of Direct Billing Program. the Secretary shall review and approve a qualified application not later than 90 days after the date the application is submitted to the Secretary unless the Secretary determines that any criteria set forth in paragraph (1) are not met. Section 405 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act is reenacted as in effect on that date. effective November 9, 1998, section 405 is reenacted as in effect on that date. reports reenacted by striking subsection. "
833,"<pad> summarize: Section 5 of executive order 13769, or any other provision of an Executive order, regulation, informal rule of guidance, or memorandum issued by the President or any other official in the executive branch precluding issuance of visas to, revoking visas issued to or precluding entry or admission of a class or classes of aliens, shall not apply to an alien who has been granted refugee status, has been approved for refugee admission refugees of special humanitarian concern eligible for Priority 2 processing. they include Afghanis who were or are employed in Afghanistan. spouses, children, and parents whether or not accompanying or following to join, and sons, daughters, and siblings of aliens described in paragraph (1) or paragraph (2). a special immigrant under section 101(a)(27) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1101(a)(27) based"
834,"<pad> summarize: grant funds to state wildlife management agencies eligible for a grant under this section. states in which chronic wasting disease has been detected are eligible. states located adjacent or in proximity to states in which chronic wasting disease has been detected.grants to tribal wildlife management agencies to assist Indian tribes in developing and implementing long-term management strategies to address chronic wasting disease in wild cervids. grant funds to be provided to eligible applicants under this section based on criteria. tribal governments that have expended tribal funds for chronic wasting disease management, monitoring, surveillance, and research. Secretary of the Interior shall carry out this Act acting through the director, United States Fish and Wildlife Service. not more than three percent of such funds may be expended for administrative expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to carry out this Act. "
835,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of carrying out a program by which a covered veteran can, except as provided in subsection (f), receive necessary hospital care or medical services for any condition at any hospital or medical facility or from any medical provider eligible to receive payments under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act. the pilot program shall be carried out during the two-year period beginning on the"
836,"<pad> summarize: the National Physical Fitness and Sports Foundation is a charitable and nonprofit corporation based in the united states. it is not an agency or establishment of the united states. it is based in conjunction with the president's council on physical fitness and sports. a vacancy on the Board shall be filled within sixty days of the original appointment. a vacancy on the Board shall be filled within sixty days of said vacancy. a majority of the current membership of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. the Foundation shall have perpetual succession. a gift, devise, or bequest may be accepted by the Foundation. a gift, devise, or bequest may be accepted by the Foundation. a gift, devise, or bequest may be accepted by the Foundation. VOLUNTEER STATUS may accept volunteers' services if they perform functions authorized herein. if they do not perform the functions authorized herein, the Foundation may also accept volunteers' services. if they do not perform the functions authorized herein. the Foundation shall be treated as a private corporation under federal law. it shall have access to the financial and other records of the Foundation. the Foundation shall transmit a full and complete report of its proceedings and activities during such year. if the Foundation engages in, or threatens to engage in, any act, practice, or policy inconsistent with its purposes set forth in section 2(b) there are authorized such sums as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. if such sums are only available to the Foundation for organizational costs. if they are available, they will only be available for organizational costs. "
837,"<pad> summarize: the United States Commission is authorized to receive and determine the validity and amounts of any claims by nationals of the United States against the Government of Iraq. in deciding claims under subsection (a), the United States Commission shall apply applicable substantive law, including international law.the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to establish a fund for payment of claims under section 2(a) the Secretary of the Treasury shall cover into the Iraq Claims Fund such amounts as are allocated to such fund pursuant to subsection (b). the President shall allocate funds resulting from the liquidation of assets pursuant to section 4. the President is authorized to vest and liquidate as much of the assets of the Government of Iraq in the united states that have been blocked pursuant to section 2(a) of the international emergency economic powers Act. the President is authorized to satisfy claims under section 2(a). deducting 1.5 per cent of any amount covered into the Iraq Claims Fund. deducting amounts deducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts. amounts deducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts.the united States Commission shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury each award made pursuant to section 2(c) a further $90,000 toward the unpaid balance of the principal amount of the award. payments from time to time in ratable proportions on account of the unpaid balance of the unpaid balance of the principal amount of the award. if payment has been made, any funds remaining in that fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the the head of any Executive agency may transfer or otherwise make available to the United States Commission such records and documents relating to claims authorized to be adjudicated by this Act as may be required by the United States Commission in carrying out its functions under this Act. notice required by paragraph (1) shall be published 9 years after the last date on which the Secretary of the Treasury covers into the Iraq Claims Fund amounts allocated to that fund pursuant to section 3(b). unused funds referred to in paragraph (2) are any remaining balance in the Iraq Claims Fund. the term ""Executive agency"" has the meaning given that term by section 105 of title 5, United States Code. the term ""Government of iraq"" includes agencies, instrumentalities, and controlled entities."
838,"<pad> summarize: the term 'rural emergency access care hospital' means a facility located in a rural area. the facility has entered into an agreement with a hospital with a participation agreement in effect under section 1866(a) the facility is in danger of closing due to low inpatient utilization rates and negative operating losses. the facility is in danger of closing due to low inpatient utilization rates.Section 1832(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395k(a)(2)) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (I) and inserting ""services and rural emergency access care hospital services"" section 1833(a)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395l(a)(6)) is amended. the amendments made by this Act shall apply to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1995. the amendments shall apply to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1995. the amendments will apply if they are amended by this Act."
839,"<pad> summarize: Section 1861 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end of subparagraph (V), (2) by inserting ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (U), (2) by inserting ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (V), and by inserting ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (V), the following new subparagraph.'remote monitoring services' means any in-office or facility-based service"
840,"<pad> summarize: chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""4048. Fees for health care services for prisoners"" the term 'account' means the director of the Bureau of Prisons. the director may not assess or collect a fee under this section for health care services. a state or local government may assess and collect a reasonable fee from the trust fund account of a federal prisoner. a fee under this subsection may not be assessed against, or collected from, a prisoner pursuant to such implementation for services provided before the expiration of such period. a fee under this subsection may not be assessed against, or collected from, a prisoner pursuant to such implementation. COMPREHENSIVE HIVAIDS SERVICES REQUIRED TO BE INCLUDed in HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR WHICH HEALTH CARE FEES MAY BE ASSESSED. services relating to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and acquired immune deficiency syndrome shall include comprehensive coverage."
841,"<pad> summarize: the plan will describe the programs authorized under this Act. it includes the agenda for each activity enumerated in section 3(a). the most significant technical and nontechnical hurdles that stand in the way of achieving the goals. the secretary shall conduct a program to address production of hydrogen from diverse energy sources, including carbon capture and sequestration. he may consider the size of the non-federal share in selecting projects. he may consider the size of the non-federal share in selecting projects.the interagency task force will work toward a safe, economical, and environmentally sound fuel infrastructure for hydrogen and hydrogen-carrier fuels. the interagency task force may organize workshops and conferences, may issue publications, and may create databases to carry out its duties. the interagency task force may foster the exchange of generic, nonproprietary information and technology among industry, academia, and government.Advisory Committee is comprised of not fewer than 12 nor more than 25 members. members are appointed to represent domestic industry, academia, professional societies, government agencies based on the Department's assessment of the technical and other qualifications of committee members and the needs of the Advisory Committee. a member of the Advisory Committee whose term is expiring may be reappointed.the Secretary shall enter into an arrangement with a competitively selected nongovernmental entity to review the plan prepared under section 2, which shall be completed not later than six months after the entity receives the plan. not later than 45 days after receiving the review, the Secretary shall transmit the review along with a plan to implement the review's recommendations or an explanation for the reasons that a recommendation will not be implemented.the Secretary may represent the United States interests with respect to activities and programs under this Act. industry and its representatives, including members of the energy and transportation industries. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to alter the regulatory authority of the Department.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there are also any amounts made available for these purposes under other Acts. $273,500,000 for fiscal year 2004, (2) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2005, (3) $375,000,000 for fiscal year 2006, (4) $425,000,000 for fiscal year 2007 and $425,000,000 for fiscal year 2008."
842,"<pad> summarize: section 1886(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Payment adjustment for low-volume hospitals. the Secretary shall provide for an additional payment amount to each low-volume hospital. no percentage increase in payments under this paragraph exceeds 25 percent of the amount of payment that would otherwise be made to a low-volume hospital. Section 1886(d)(5)(F)(vii) of the social security act is amended by inserting "", and after October 1, 2002, for any other hospital described in clause (iv)(I)"" the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2002, for purposes.Section 1603 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the Secretary may make loans from the fund established under section 1602(d) to any rural entity for capital improvements. interest subsidies. the principal amount of a loan directly made or guaranteed may not exceed $500,000,000 per year. grant and loan programs are established to improve quality of health care in rural areas. grant and loan programs may not exceed $100,000. grants and loans may not exceed 70 percent of costs to eligible entity. if approved, the amount of loans may not exceed 90 percent of costs."
843,"<pad> summarize:.........................section 2902 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of clause (iii) and inserting a semicolon. if no funds are appropriated to the Commission, the Secretary may transfer funds to the Commission for purposes of its activities under this part in either of those years."
844,"<pad> summarize: the term ""entity"" means a person acting as a shipper or a consignee. the term ""entity"" means a person acting as a shipper or a consignee. the term ""entity"" means a person acting as a shipper or a consignee.if a motor carrier is not fit to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. if a motor carrier is not fit to operate a commercial motor vehicle in or affecting interstate commerce. if a motor carrier has the minimum insurance coverage required by federal law. if the safety fitness regulations are issued pursuant to subsection (c), does not have an unsatisfactory safety fitness rating. this Act shall apply with respect to any action commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act without regard to whether the harm that is the subject of the action occurred before such date of enactment. this Act shall apply with respect to any action commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
845,"<pad> summarize: the department of energy grouped small-duct high-speed systems with all air conditioners and heat pumps in a final rule published on January 22, 2001. the minimum efficiency standard for small-duct high-velocity systems was established. all manufacturers requested exception relief in order to legally sell these products.Section 325(d) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 USC. 6295(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ""small duct, high-velocity system' the term'small-duct, high-velocity system' means a heating and cooling product that contains a blower and indoor coil combination that is designed for, and produces, at least 1.2 inches of external static pressure when operated paragraph (3) of section 25C(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding "", and"" at the end of subparagraph (E) and inserting "", and"", and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. small-duct high-velocity central air conditioning and heat pump system. the term ""small-duct high-velocity central air conditioning and heat pump system"" means a heating and cooling product that"
846,"<pad> summarize: Section 202(b)(1) of such Act (42 USC. 402(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""and ending with the month in which such parent dies or with the month in which such child dies"" and inserting ""(E), (G), or (I)"", respectively. disability insurance Benefits. Section 228(a) of such Act (42 USC. 423(a)(1)) is amended by striking ""the Section 223 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the amount of any individual's monthly insurance benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to the amount of such benefit. this subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. section 203(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. determining maximum family benefits under section 215 deemed to be in section 215. the benefit payable to such individual for that month shall be disregarded.the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted. the amendments shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted."
847,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the term <unk> seriously delinquent tax debt' means a Federal tax liability. a debt with respect to which such a levy has been issued is requested or pending. this Act and the amendments made by this Act will take effect 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act."
848,"<pad> summarize: falls are the leading cause of injury deaths among people over 65. hospitals for hip fractures have increased from 231,000 admissions in 1988 to 332,000 in 1999. the number of hip fractures is expected to exceed 500,000 by 2040. the purpose of this Act is to develop effective public education strategies in a national initiative to reduce elder falls in order to educate the elders themselves, family members, employers, caregivers, and others who touch the lives of senior citizens. the secretary of health and human services to evaluate the effect of falls on the costs of medicare and medicaid.the administration on Aging oversees a three-year national education campaign to be carried out by the National Safety Council. the campaign will focus on ways of reducing the risk of elder falls and preventing repeat falls. the national safety council will provide grants to qualified organizations and institutions to design and carry out local education campaigns.the secretary of health and human services shall conduct and support research to improve the identification of elders with a high risk of falls. he shall conduct research related to elder fall prevention in health care delivery settings and clinical treatment and rehabilitation of elderly fall victims through the director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality.cdc director oversees demonstration and research projects to be carried out by the national safety council. programs targeting newly-discharged fall victims who are at a high risk for second falls. programs targeting newly-discharged victims who are at a high risk for second falls.the secretary of health and human services shall undertake a review of the effects of falls on the costs of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. this review will include a review of the reimbursement policies of medicare and medicaid in order to determine if additional fall-related services should be covered or reimbursement guidelines should be modified.the national public education provisions of section 4(1), $5,000,000 for each fiscal years 2003 through 2005 are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the provisions of this Act. to carry out research projects described in section 5, $10,000,000 for each fiscal years 2003 through 2005. and to carry out the demonstration projects described in section 6(1), $7,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2003 through 2005."
849,"<pad> summarize: Section 8411 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of paragraph (4). a temporary or intermittent employee is not otherwise creditable for purposes of this chapter. a deposit under paragraph (1) made more than 5 years after the later of October 1, 2000. recomputed annuity or survivor annuity payable as of when an application is submitted shall be recomputed to take into account any service described in section 8411(b)(6) of title 5. interest shall not be included as part of any deposit under this subsection. the Office of Personnel Management shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to inform individuals of any rights they might have as result of the enactment of this Act. information may be necessary to verify the entitlement of such individual to have any service credited under section 8411(b)(6) of title 5, United States Code, as added by this Act."
850,"<pad> summarize: civil penalty for hiring, recruiting, and referral violations imposed. amount of civil penalty based on the number of unauthorized aliens imposed. a violation with respect to more than or equal to 2 such aliens but less than or equal to 50 such aliens, $25,000 for each such alien.Section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Government Contracts. if a person or other entity is determined to be a repeat violator of this section or is subject to criminal penalties under subsection (f)(1), the person or other entity shall be debarred from the receipt of Federal contracts (and subcontracts entered into for a period of 5 years. a payment received under this section shall be used solely for payments to local educational agencies. an eligible State shall redistribute 66 percent of the payment received under this section. the term ""eligible state"" includes each state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico."
851,"<pad> summarize: about 1 in 5 females have some form of cardiovascular disease - killing more than 500,000 women a year. obesity increases women's risk for some of the leading causes of death: heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and certain cancers. more than 12 of all women over 65 have osteoporosis.the Secretary may award grants to States that have received grants under section 1501. the Secretary may not make a grant to a State under subsection (a) unless the State involved agrees that services under the grant will be provided in conjunction with entities that are screening women for breast or cervical cancer pursuant to a grant under section 1501."
852,<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS should increase the sample size of students tested. SENSE of CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that the commissioner for education statistics should increase the sample size of students tested to improve disaggregation and analysis of data regarding progress in history and civics.section 2341 is amended by repealing sections 2341 through 2344. the secretary may award competitive grants to eligible entities. a grant is used to develop and implement a program to promote civic learning and engagement. a special emphasis is placed on inner-city and rural underserved students.
853,"<pad> summarize: Section 107 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence of subsection (a), by striking ""subsection (c) and inserting ""subsections (c) and (d)"" that section is further amended in the second sentence of subsection (b), by striking ""Payments"" and inserting ""Except as provided in subsection, payments"" the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. it applies to benefits paid for months beginning on or after that date. the amendment will take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. section 1734 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. section 1734 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. section 1734 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. section 1735 is amended by redesignating section 1735 as section 1736. section 1735 includes outpatient care and services for world war II veterans residing in the Philippines. section 1735 is enacted on the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on the date of enactment of this Act."
854,"<pad> summarize: a person who violates, or conspires to violate, subsection (a) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. if a violation of subsection is committed by a person in concert with 5 or more other persons, such person may be sentenced to an additional term of imprisonment of not more than 5 consecutive years. if a violation of subsection is committed by a person in concert"
855,<pad> summarize:.........................the administrator shall establish performance measures to determine the effectiveness of federal property management. he shall report the results of such monitoring to the Congress. the administrator may lease real property to a public-private partnership created under this section. he may dispose of equity interest controlled by the United States in any public-private partnership created under this section.
856,"<pad> summarize: section 415 of the black Lung Benefits Act is amended in subsection (c) by striking ""Commissioner of Social Security"" each place such term appears and inserting ""Secretary"" Section 426 of such Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""paragraph 4"" and inserting ""paragraph (2)"" Section 1531 of title 31, United States Code, shall apply in carrying out this Act and amendments made by this Act. this Act shall not affect the validity of any order, determination, rule, regulation, operating procedure, or contract that relates to a function transferred by this Act. this Act shall not affect the validity of any order, determination, rule, regulation, operating procedure, or contract that relates to a function transferred by this Act. any proceeding described this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, will take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. "
857,"<pad> summarize: class II and class III gaming activities shall be lawful only on one parcel of land. such parcel of land shall be taken into in trust for the Tribe pursuant to section 204(a)(1). if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that class III gaming activities have been established in violation of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. a parcel of land taken into trust for nongaming purposes may only be used and developed. if a dispute arises regarding the non-compliance of the tribal or the local jurisdiction. if a dispute arises regarding the non-compliance of the tribal or the political jurisdiction, the Tribe may submit a dispute to binding arbitration under the United States Arbitration Act. section 208 of the Auburn Indian Restoration Act is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs. the term <unk> class II gaming' has the meaning given that term in the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. passed the house of representatives November 9, 1997."
858,"<pad> summarize: section 713 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new item. a decision on a claim will not be considered to have become final. a decision on a claim will not be considered to have become final. a decision on a claim will not be considered to have become final.section 529 is amended by inserting after section 529 the following new item: ""530. Annual report on status of claims for benefits"" each report under subsection (a) shall separately set forth, with regard to claims for benefits in which a decision of the agency of original jurisdiction or the Board of Veterans' Appeals became final during the preceding fiscal year. the date on which the notice of the Board of Veterans' Appeals final decision was provided to the claimant OFFICIALS DETERMINING ORIGINAL AND REOPENED CLAIMS for BENEFITS. a single rating official shall make the initial determination of the Secretary on all original and reopened claims filed with the Secretary. if a hearing is demanded following a decision of a rating official denying a claim for benefits, the official who conducts the hearing shall make a determination in the case. Section 7102 and 7103 are amended to read as follows: ""7102. Reconsideration. Correction of obvious errors"" a member who is assigned a proceeding shall make a determination thereon, including any motion filed therewith. if the Chairman orders reconsideration in a case, the case shall upon reconsideration be heard. section 5109A is amended by adding at the end the following new item. if evidence establishes the error, the prior decision shall be reversed or revised. review to determine whether clear and unmistakable error exists in a case may be instituted by the Secretary on the Secretary's own motion or upon request of the claimant. "
859,"<pad> summarize: SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ASSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR FOR INTERNATIONAL TRADE. Section 22 of the Small Business Act is amended by striking. spokesman: SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ASSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR FOR INTERNATIONAL TRADE. Section 4(b)(1) of the Small Business Act (USC. 633(b)(1)) is amended in the fifth sentence, by striking ""five Associate Administrators"" and inserting ""Associate Administrators"" Section 22 of the Small Business Act (USC. 633(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following.OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE is amended in subsection (b) by striking ""(b) The Office"" and inserting ""export assistance centers,"" after ""export promotion efforts,"". a re-designation of paragraphs 1 through (8), as so redesignated. a re-designation of paragraphs 1 through (5), as so redesignated, aims to establish annual goals relating to enhancing the exporting Section 7(a)(3)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 636(a)(16)(A)) is amended by striking ""$1,750,000, of which not more than $1,250,000"" and inserting ""$2,750,000, of which not more than $2,000,000"" fewer than 1 per cent of all small business concerns in the united states are engaged in trade-related business activities. small business advocates are not as visible or vocal on issues relating to international trade. despite the overwhelming majority of exporters that are small business concerns, fewer than 1 percent of all small business concerns in the united states are engaged in trade-related business activities. small business advocacy groups often lack political influence in foreign countries."
860,"<pad> summarize: no multicandidate political committee or separate segregated fund may make any contribution or expenditure with respect to an election for Federal office if 50 percent or more of the operating fund is supplied by foreign-owned corporations or foreign nationals. the Commission shall maintain a list of the identity of the multicandidate political committee or separate segregated funds that file reports under subsection (a)(4). the term 'foreign-owned corporation' has the meaning a foreign national shall not direct, dictate, control or directly or indirectly participate in the decision-making process of any person, such as a corporation, labor organization, or political committee. a foreign national shall not direct, dictate, control, or directly or indirectly participate in the decision-making process of any person, such as a corporation, labor organization, or political committee.establishment within the Federal Election Commission a clearinghouse of public information relating the political activities of foreign principals and agents of foreign principals. all registrations and reports filed pursuant to the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 during the preceding 5-year period. public information disclosed pursuant to the rules of the Senate or the House of Representatives regarding honoraria. dr. eric liu: it shall be the duty of the director of the clearinghouse established under section 4 to develop a filing, coding, and cross-indexing system. liu: to compile and recompile the information contained in such registrations, reports, and other information. liu: to make copies of registrations, reports, and other information available to the public within 30 days. any person who discloses information in violation of section 4(b) shall be imprisoned. or fined under title 18, United States Code. if convicted, he may be fined under title 18.Section 2(b) of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 is amended. it is amended in the first sentence by striking "", within thirty days"" and all that follows through ""preceding six months' period"" a civil penalty must be imposed."
861,"<pad> summarize: the term ""military tribunal rule"" means the whole or part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect designed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy. the term ""military tribunal rule"" means the whole or part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect. the term ""military tribunal rule"" means the whole or part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect no determination, finding, action, or omission shall be subject to judicial review. judicial review is required. judicial review is required. judicial review is required. judicial review is required.. a report with respect to a military tribunal shall be submitted not later than six months after the date on which the military tribunal is convened. a report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. a report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex."
862,"<pad> summarize: section 41 of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the matter before the table. it is striking ""thirteen"" and inserting ""fourteen"" in the table. the item relating to the ninth circuit is inserted.table in section 44(a) of title 28, United States Code is amended by striking the item relating to the ninth circuit and inserting the following: ""Ninth................................ 20"" as of February 1, 2005, the table in section 44(a) is further amended by striking the item amended pursuant to subsection (1) and inserting the following: ""Ninth................................. 25"" table in title 28, United States Code is amended by striking the item relating to the ninth circuit. inserting between the last 2 items at the end: ""Twelfth......................... Portland, Seattle."" and inserting between the last 2 items at the end: ""ninth................. each circuit judge who is in regular active service, and each judge who is a senior judge, of the former ninth circuit on the day before the effective date of this Act may elect to be assigned to the new ninth circuit or to the twelfth circuit. each circuit judge who is in regular active service, and each judge who is a senior judge, of the former ninth circuit on the day before the effective date of this Act. the seniority of each judge who elects to be assigned under section 5 of this Act shall run from the date of commission of such judge as a judge of the former ninth circuit. a judge who elects to be assigned under section 5 of this Act shall run from the date of commission of such judge.the provisions of the following paragraphs apply to any case other than a case arising from the district court for the district of Arizona. a petition for rehearing or a petition for rehearing en banc in a matter decided before the effective date of this Act shall be treated in the same manner and with the same effect as if this Act had not been enacted.""new ninth circuit"" means the ninth judicial circuit of the united states as in existence on the day before the effective date of this Act. ""twelfth circuit"" means the twelfth judicial circuit of the united states established by the amendment made by section 2(2)(C). former ninth circuit and twelfth circuit shall cease to exist on July 1, 2005. the new ninth circuit and twelfth circuit may meet in either circuit's jurisidiction. ten years following the date of enactment of this Act, the new ninth circuit and the twelfth circuit may meet in either circuit's jurisidiction.this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall become effective on October 1, 2003. the amendments to this Act shall become effective on October 1, 2003.. the amendments to this Act shall become effective on October 1, 2003."
863,"<pad> summarize: Section 1752 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows. willfully and knowingly to enter or remain in any posted, cordoned off, or otherwise restricted area of a building or grounds so restricted in conjunction with an event designated as a special event of national significance. in paragraph (b), as redesignated by subparagraph (B) by striking ""designated or enume Section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(6). in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ""or a sponsoring entity of an event designated as a special event of national significance"" after ""States"" in subsection (c)(3), by inserting ""a sponsoring entity of an event designated as a special event of national significance"" section 3056(f of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""officers and agents of the Secret Service are"" and inserting ""the Secret Service is"" section 3056(f) of title 18, United States Code.u.s. Secret Service Uniformed Division hereby creates permanent police force. u.s. Secret Service Uniformed Division shall perform such duties as the Director, United States Secret Service, may prescribe in connection with the protection of the following u.s.this Act does not affect the retirement benefits of current employees or annuitants that existed on the day before the effective date of this Act. this Act does not affect any Executive Order transferring to the Secretary of State the authority of section 208 of title 3 in effect on the day before the effective date of this Act. Section 3056 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding a following at the end of the section. no personnel and operational elements of the United States Secret Service shall report to an individual other than the Director of the United States Secret Service, who shall report directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security. Section 3056(a)(7) of title 18, United States Code is amended by inserting ""the committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act."" after ""other members of the Committee."" Electronic Crimes Task Force. "
864,"<pad> summarize: stAR estimates that between $20 billion to $40 billion has been lost to developing countries every year through corruption. stAR estimates that between $20 billion to $40 billion has been forfeited by developing countries annually through corruption. sen. john mccain: the u.s. has a number of effective programs to reward individuals who provide valuable information that assist in the identification, arrest, and conviction of criminal actors and their associates. 9706. Department of the Treasury Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Program is amended. the rewards program shall be designed to support US government programs aimed at restraining, seizing, forfeiting, or repatriating stolen assets linked to foreign government corruption and the proceeds of such corruption."
865,"<pad> summarize: commercial mobile service licensee elects not to transmit emergency alerts. a commercial mobile service licensee elects not to transmit emergency alerts. a commercial mobile service licensee elects not to transmit emergency alerts. if the licensee elects to transmit emergency alerts, the licensee shall notify the Commission.Advisory committee is established by the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. Advisory committee will be formed as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act. Advisory committee will develop and submit recommendations for protocols, technical capabilities, and technical procedures. the undersecretary of homeland security for science and technology will establish a research, development, testing, and evaluation program based on the recommendations of the Commercial Mobile Service Alert Advisory Committee, established pursuant to section 3(a) the program will fund research, development, testing, and evaluation at academic institutions, private sector entities, government laboratories, and other appropriate entities. and ensure that the program addresses, at a minimum developing innovative technologies that will transmit geographically targeted emergency alert the undersecretary may not make grants under subsection (a) more than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the sum of the amounts awarded for all fiscal years as grants under this section may not exceed $10,000,000. funding for this Act shall be provided from the Digital Transition and Public Safety Fund in accordance with section 3010 of the Digital Television Transition and Public Safety Act of 2005. the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information shall compensate any such broadcast station licensee or permittee for reasonable costs incurred in complying with the requirements imposed pursuant to section 2(c) from funds made available under this section. "
866,"<pad> summarize: Section 532 of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 is amended in subsection (a) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following terms and conditions. for the 9-month period beginning with January 2000, any such demonstration project shall be conducted under the same terms and conditions as applied to such demonstration during 1999. a case management fee shall be paid only for enrollees classified as'moderate'"
867,<pad> summarize:......................... a civil action may not be commenced unless a court considers appropriate. a civil action may not be commenced unless a final judgment is rendered. the court may award damages to the injured party. 
868,<pad> summarize: Section 602 is amended by striking subsection (c) Congressional resolutions of disapproval. section 604. exercise of rulemaking power enacted as exercise of rulemaking power. such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent therewith.amendments made by this Act apply with respect to each act of the District of Columbia passed by the Council of the District of Columbia and signed by the Mayor of the District of Columbia. vetoed by the Mayor and repassed by the Council. or in the case of initiated acts and acts subject to referendum ratified by a majority of registered qualified electors.
869,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible child' means a child aged 5 to 17, inclusive, from a family with an income below the poverty level based on the most recent satisfactory data published by the Department of Commerce. a state educational agency shall calculate the per pupil amount by dividing the amount made available to the agency under section 1111 by the number of eligible children residing in the State."
870,"<pad> summarize: 85 percent of college counseling centers revealed an increase in the number of students they see with psychological problems. 61 percent of college students reported feeling hopeless, 45 percent felt so depressed they could barely function, and 9 percent felt suicidal. depression among college freshmen has nearly doubled. mental and BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES ON CAMPUS is amended by a new section. it is the purpose of this section to increase access to mental and behavioral health services. grants shall, subject to the availability of such appropriations, be for a period of 3 years. each eligible entity seeking to obtain a grant under this section shall submit an application."
871,"<pad> summarize: the Delaware River Basin contains over 12,500 square miles of land in the states of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. nearly 800 square miles of bay and more than 2,000 tributary rivers and streams. nearly 180 species of fish and wildlife are considered special status species in the Basin due to habitat loss and degradation. ""basin state"" means the 4-State Delaware Basin region. the term ""basin state"" means each of the States of Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. the term ""director"" means the director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. the term ""grant program"" means the Delaware River Basin restoration program established under section 5. program to be known as ""Delaware River Basin restoration program"" aims to identify, prioritize, and implement restoration and protection activities. the program includes coordinating restoration and protection activities among federal, state, local, and regional entities and conservation partners throughout the Basin.grant program to be known as ""Delaware River Basin restoration grant program"" aims to provide competitive matching grants of varying amounts to state and local governments, nonprofit organizations, community organizations, institutions of higher education. criteria for the grant program to help ensure that activities funded under this section accomplish one or more of the following : Restoration or protection of fish and wildlife species. ANNUAL RAPPORTS. not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this Act. each project that has received funding under this Act has received funding. a federal budgetary authority will be used to carry out this Act. of any amount made available for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall use at least 75 percent to carry out the grant program and provide technical assistance under section 5(e). "
872,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Labor establishes a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to solicit voluntary information from employers based on an award to be designated a ""HIRE Vets Medallion"" a certificate stating that such employer is entitled to display such HIRE Vets Medallion during the following calendar year, to be designated ""HIRE Vets Medallion Certificate"". the Secretary shall solicit applications not later than January 31st of each calendar year.the Secretary shall review all applications received in a calendar year to determine whether an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion. if such employer retains through the end of the prior calendar year not less than 85 percent of veteran employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year. the recipient of a HIRE Vets Medallion may publicly display such medallion through the end of the calendar year following receipt of such medallion. it is unlawful for any employer to publicly display a HIRE Vets Medallion in connection with, or as a part of, any advertisement, solicitation, business activity, or product.a fund to be designated the ""HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund"" is established in the Treasury of the united states. the Secretary may assess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt a HIRE Vets Medallion. amounts in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund shall be available, subject to appropriation.the Secretary shall submit to Congress annual reports on fees collected from applicants for HIRE Vets Medallions in the prior year and any changes in fees to be proposed in the present year. he shall provide the reports required under subsection (a) to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representatives. he shall provide the reports required under subsection (a) to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the the term ""employer"" has the meaning given such term under section 4303 of title 38, United States Code. such term doesn't include the Federal Government, (2) any State, as defined in such section. the term ""veteran"" has the meaning given such term under section 101 of title 38, United States Code. "
873,"<pad> summarize: a foreign country that is eligible to receive only expanded international military education and training under chapter 5 of part II of such Act may receive defense services and training under this Act or any other Act. the president transmits to the Congress a certification containing the determination under paragraph (1), including an explanation of why it is important to the national security of the United States to provide the waiver. a foreign country that is eligible to receive only expanded international military education and training under chapter 5"
874,"<pad> summarize: asbestos is still being imported and used in some consumer and industrial products in the united states. despite enactment of the Asbestos Information Act of 1988, many people in the united states still incorrectly believe that asbestos has been banned in the united states. the asbestos Information Act of 1988 is amended in section 4 by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8) respectively. in section 2, the Administrator shall establish and maintain a database of asbestos-containing products that is publicly available. the plan described in paragraph (1) shall include a detailed implementation schedule for the database. epa administrator establishes database of asbestos-containing products under section 5(a) of the asbestos Information Act of 1988. report contains analysis of the utility of the database. recommendations for measures to increase use of the database by consumers. "
875,"<pad> summarize: in 2002, more than 480,000 babies were born prematurely in the u.s. the rate of preterm birth increased 27 percent between 1982 and 2002. premature infants are 14 times more likely to die in the first year of life. section 301 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end. the director of NIH shall expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the National Institutes of Health. study on relationship between prematurity, birth defects, and developmental disabilities.the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary conducts a demonstration project to improve the provision of information on prematurity. activities to be carried out under the demonstration project under subsection (a) shall include the establishment of programs to provide information and education to health professionals, other health care providers, and the public.INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COUNCIL ON PREMATURITY AND LOW BIRTHWEIGHT aims to stimulate multidisciplinary research, scientific exchange, and collaboration among the agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services. the Council shall be composed of members to be appointed by the Secretary, including representatives of the agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal years 2006 through 2010. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal year 2006 through 2010. "
876,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Authority"" means the Eastern New Mexico Rural Water Authority. the term ""engineering report"" means the report dated October 2006. the term ""engineering report"" includes the major components and associated infrastructure identified as the ""Best Technical Alternative""the Secretary may provide financial and technical assistance to the Authority to assist in planning, designing, conducting related preconstruction activities for, and constructing the System. Limitations. Financial assistance provided under paragraph (1) shall not be used for any activity that is inconsistent with constructing the System. or to plan or construct facilities used to supply irrigation water for irrigated agricultural purposes. the Authority shall be responsible for the annual operation, maintenance, and replacement costs associated with the System. the system is properly maintained and capable of delivering approximately 16,500 acre-feet of water per year. a total of 16,500 acre-feet of water per year is available to beneficiaries. the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the Authority to provide financial assistance and any other assistance requested by the Authority for planning, design, related preconstruction activities, and construction of the System. the Secretary may provide to the Authority any technical assistance that is necessary to assist the Authority in planning, designing, constructing, and constructing the System.adjustment carried out under subsection (a) will be adjusted to reflect changes in construction costs occurring after January 1, 2007 as indicated by engineering cost indices applicable to the types of construction necessary to carry out this Act. Availability of Funds at the end of each fiscal year shall be retained for use in future fiscal years consistent with this Act. if appropriated pursuant to this Act, any unexpended funds appropriated pursuant to this Act shall be retained for use"
877,"<pad> summarize: Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Directors, United States Emergency Management Authority"" Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""Chief Information Officer, Federal Emergency Management Agency"" Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""Chief Information Officer, Federal Emergency Management Agency"" this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on January 1, 2007................."
878,"<pad> summarize: there is established a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals. there is a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals. ESTABLISHMENT.vacancies in the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. vacancy is filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a report will be submitted to the president and congress. the Commission will study the present division of the United States courts of appeals. the recommendations will be incorporated into the recommendations of the president and congress. a report will also be submitted to the president and congress. each member of the Commission who is not an officer or employee of the federal government shall be compensated at a rate equal to $300 for each day during which such member is engaged in the duties of the Commission. all members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the united states shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their services as officers or employees of the united states. the executive director may appoint and fix the compensation of such additional personnel. he may procure temporary or intermittent services of experts or consultants. he may procure by contract the services of experts or consultants. he may procure by contract the temporary or intermittent services of experts or consultants. Commission is authorized to request from any department, agency, or independent instrumentality of the united states any information and assistance necessary to carry out its functions under this Act. each such department, agency, and independent instrumentality is authorized to provide such information and assistance to the extent permitted by law when requested by the Chair of the Commission.not later than the 10-month period beginning on the date on which a quorum of the Commission is present. not later than 60 days after the date on which the period described in subsection (a) expires, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress the report described in section 4(1).TERMINATION. 90 days after submission of report described in section 8(b)................there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary not to exceed $1,000,000 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary not to exceed $1,000,000 to carry out this Act, to remain available until expended. "
879,"<pad> summarize: <unk> qualified first-time homebuyer distribution' means any distribution received by an individual from an individual retirement plan if such distributions do not exceed the qualified higher education expenses of the taxpayer. the term <unk> qualified acquisition costs' means the costs of acquiring, constructing, or reconstructing a principal residence if such distributions do not exceed the qualified higher education expenses of the taxpayer for the taxable year in which such distribution is received. if such"
880,"<pad> summarize: the purposes of this Act are to allow for the enforcement of State laws requiring the disclosure of information about Holocaust-era insurance policies notwithstanding the holding that such laws are preempted by the foreign policy espoused in that case. a uniform statute of limitations of 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act in any action to recover under Holocaust-era insurance policies under this Act or State law. if the lawmaking powers of congress the term ""beneficiary"" includes a named insured or named beneficiary under a covered policy. the term ""covered policy"" means any life, dowry, education, annuity, property, or other insurance policy in effect at any time during the period beginning on January 31, 1933, and ending on December 31, 1945. the term ""insurer"" includes any successor in interest to a person described in subparagraph (A)a beneficiary of a covered policy may bring civil action against the insurer. civil action brought under subsection (a) may be served in a district court of the united states. the defendant may be found, resides, has an agent or transacts business. a court shall award to a prevailing beneficiary in a civil action. a judgment or release described in paragraph (2) shall not preclude, foreclose, bar, release, waive, acquit, discharge, or otherwise impair any claim brought under section 4 by any person. a judgment or release described in this paragraph is a judgment entered before the date of enactment of this Act for any claim arising under a covered policy in any civil action in a Federal or State court. an executive agreement described in subsection (c)(1) and an executive foreign policy described in subsection (c)(2) shall not supercede or preempt the law of any State relating to a claim under or relating to a covered policy against the insurer. or that requires an insurer doing business in the State or any related company of the insurer to disclose information regarding a covered policy issued by the insurer. an executive agreement described in subsection (c)(1) and an executive Nothing in this Act shall supersede or preempt any State law except to the extent the law of the State conflicts with this Act. if the law of the State conflicts with this Act, it will not supersede or preempt any State law.a claim brought under any State law described in section 6(a) shall not be deemed untimely. if the claim is filed not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act.if any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act and the application of such provision to any other person or circumstance shall not be affected thereby. this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. and apply to any claim relating to a covered policy that is brought, before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act."
881,"<pad> summarize: conservation system units established in many areas of Alaska. conservation system units include protection of habitat for fish and wildlife. conservation of fish and wildlife populations. conservation of fish and wildlife populations. conservation of archeological sites associated with. Alaska Native cultures.a participating Indian tribe or tribal organization may contract to participate in a demonstration project. a participating Indian tribe or tribal organization may request participation by resolution or other official action of the governing body of the Indian tribe or tribal organization. contracts entered into under this Act shall provide for advance payments to the tribal organizations. contracts, compacts, or funding agreements under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. the Secretary shall enter into contracts, compacts, or funding agreements with the Koyukuk River Basin Moose Co-Management Team, Inc.the term ""conservation system unit"" shall have the meaning given that term in section 102(4) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act. the term ""Indian tribe"" shall have the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. "
882,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a task force in the legislative branch to be known as the ""National Homelessness Task Force"" there is a task force in the legislative branch to be known as the ""National Homelessness Task Force""the Task Force conducts research and develop methods through consultation with federal agencies administering Federal programs for homeless individuals that were in existence on the date of enactment of this Act that address homelessness. the task force will examine and analyze reports published by federal, state, and local agencies and academic institutions that relate to homelessness. a system that ensures homeless individuals have access to employment and job-training programs, as well as employment. the Task Force shall be composed of up to 10 TF members appointed. appointments shall be made within 90 days of enactment of this Act. appointments may be made within 90 days of the enactment of this Act.appoint from 3 to 6 individuals as personnel and fix the pay of such personnel deemed appropriate. appoint from 3 to 6 individuals as personnel. appoints such personnel as the Chairpersons consider appropriate.Task Force may secure from any Federal department or agency information necessary to enable it to carry out this Act. the Task Force may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as Federal departments and agencies. the task force may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as Federal departments and agencies.not later than 3 months after the date of completion of the appointment of the TF members under section 4(a), the Task Force shall submit to Congress a report describing how the Task Force will undertake the duties described in section 3. not later than 12 months after the date of completion, the Task Force shall submit to Congress a report describing how the Task Force will undertake the duties described in section 3. task force shall terminate 10 days after the date on which the Task Force submits the final report under section 7(b). TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION the term ""affordable housing"" includes properties for which assistance is provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937. the term ""chronically homeless individual"" means an unaccompanied, disabled individual with a disabling condition who has been continually homeless for at least the duration of 1 year. there are authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 to carry out this Act. if you are able to carry out this Act, you must be aware of this Act."
883,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ Establishment of Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission. etablishment of women's suffrage centennial Commission. etablishment of women's suffrage centennial Commission.u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s.Powers of Centennial Commission. powers of centennial commission based in london. powers of centennial commission based in london. powers of centennial commission based in london.Centennial Commission personnel matters.... centennial Commission personnel matters... centennial Commission personnel matters.. centennial Commission personnel matters.. centennial Commission personnel matters. supprimation of Centennial Commission. supprimation. supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation supprimation. authorization of appropriations. authorization of appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. a proposed amendment to the constitution of the united states provides suffrage for women. it was first introduced in 1878 and was brought to a vote unsuccessfully. on may 21, 1919, the House of Representatives approved a proposed amendment. on august 18, 1920, Tennessee became the 36th state to ratify the amendment. vacancy in the membership of the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission. vacancy in the membership of the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission. vacancy is filled in the same manner as the original appointment not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act. vacancy in the membership of the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission. the centennial commission is a clearinghouse for the collection and dissemination of information about events and plans for the centennial of the passage and ratification of the 19th amendment. to develop recommendations for Congress and the President for commemorating the centennial of the passage and ratification of the 19th amendment.the Centennial Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Centennial Commission considers appropriate to carry out its duties under this Act. if authorized by the Centennial Commission, any member or agent may take any action which the Centennial Commission is authorized to take under this Act. the Centennial Commission may not enter into any contract, lease, or other legal agreement that members of the Centennial Commission shall serve without compensation for such service. travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with the applicable provisions of title 5, United States Code. appoint an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Centennial Commission to perform its duties.the Centennial Commission shall terminate on the earlier date that is 30 days after the completion of the activities under this Act honoring the centennial observation of the passage and ratification of the 19th amendment. or April 15, 2021. Application of Federal Advisory Committee Act. except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall apply to the activities of the Centennial Commission under this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as may be necessary for the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. amounts appropriated in accordance with this section shall remain available until the termination of the Centennial Commission. "
884,<pad> summarize:.........................uranium sales or transfers are exempted from the provisions of this subsection. sales or transfers of uranium by the United States Government are exempt. uranium sales or transfers are limited to long-term contracts with end users of no less than 3 years.
885,"<pad> summarize: congress finds lack of environmental pollution controls provides cost savings. air and water pollution, including pollution of the oceans, is a direct threat to United States citizens. u.s. is largest export market for the worst international polluters. u.s. is largest export market for the worst international polluters. the Secretary of State shall prepare a detailed annual report relating to the environmental protection requirements of each foreign country. each such report shall describe the air quality, water quality, and hazardous and solid waste disposal conditions in that country. each such report shall describe the laws, policies, and practices of the government of that country with respect to air quality, water quality, and hazardous and solid waste disposal. this section applies with respect to any country for which United States foreign assistance funds are allocated for a fiscal year unless the Secretary of State determines that that country assures compliance with pollution control standards. despite any other provision of law, the President shall use 20 percent of the aggregate amount of foreign assistance funds allocated each fiscal year for a country described in subsection (a)the Secretary of the Treasury instructs each international financial institution to oppose any proposed lending unless the Secretary of State determines that the borrowing country adequately and constructively assures compliance with pollution control standards. or the lending will support an industrial project or program that has the potential to adversely affect air quality or water quality or will involve hazardous or solid wastes. ""foreign assistance"" means assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act. ""international financial institution"" includes each regional multilateral development bank in which the united states participates. ""international financial institution"" includes the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation."
886,"<pad> summarize: nearly a third of mentored teens are less likely to use drugs. nearly a third of mentored teens achieve higher goals generally. 3,000 children will be matched with mentors as a result of the International Day of the Child.a grant for a program under this subsection shall not exceed $600,000 a year. a grant for a program under this subsection shall be available to pay a percentage share of the costs. a loan that will be discharged or canceled under this subsection shall not exceed a total of $12,000 a year for an eligible mentor."
887,"<pad> summarize: Section 2680 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2680. a claim for money damages based on a constitutional tort shall not be barred unless presented in writing to the appropriate Federal agency within 2 years. a civil action or proceeding commenced upon such claim shall be remanded to the district court embracing the place in which it is pending."
888,"<pad> summarize: Section 2909 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking "", upon the submission of evidence of need,"" (2) by striking "", and"" section 2104a of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. AUTHORITY FOR RECORDS CENTER REVOLVING FUND TO BE USED FOR THE PURCHASE AND CARE OF UNIFORMS FOR RECORDS EMPLOYEES. Subsection (a) under the heading ""records center revolving fund"" in title IV of the Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2000.Section 2112 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ""space"" and inserting ""(a)"" before ""The Archivist"" Section 2903 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""(a)"" before ""The Archivist"" Chapter 21 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""2119. Cooperative agreements Authority"" not more than $25,000 may be transferred under a cooperative agreement entered into as authorized by subsection (a) not more than a total of $75,000 may be transferred under such agreements in any fiscal year. the Archivist may enter into cooperative agreements pursuant to section 6305 of title 31. Section 2504(f)(1) of title 44, United States Code, is amended in subparagraph (N), by striking ""and"" (2) in subparagraph (O), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon."
889,"<pad> summarize: stewardship contract is required to meet federal goals of improving forest resource conditions. stewardship contracts are used to provide for employment opportunities and viability for rural communities near units of the National Forest System. stewardship contracts are used to encourage or enhance the economic sustainability and viability of rural and regional communities.stewardship contracts are used to restore ecological integrity and productivity of forest ecosystems within the National Forest System. are not used for projects involving the construction of new permanent roads or entries into roadless areas. are awarded competitively to qualified contractors with no more than 25 employees. include stewardship skill and experience qualification requirements which have been established by the local Forest Stewardship Council and approved by the Forest Stewardship Council.stewardship contracts are used to make payments to states under the Act of May 23, 1908 and section 13 of the Act of March 1, 1911. amounts in the Account are hereby appropriated and shall be available to the Secretary until expended. amounts in the Account are hereby appropriated and shall be available to the Secretary until expended, except that those amounts found by the Secretary to be in excess of the needs of the Secretary shall be all stewardship contracts shall comply with existing applicable laws. nothing in this Act may be construed as modifying the provisions of any other law except as explicitly provided in this Act. stewardship contracts shall comply with existing applicable laws.this Act shall be effective upon passage. if passed, the act will be effective upon passage. if passed, it will be effective upon passage. if passed. if passed. if passed.unless extended by a subsequent act of the Congress, this Act shall terminate five years from its effective date. unless extended by a subsequent act of the Congress, this Act shall terminate five years from its effective date. unless extended by a subsequent act of the Congress, this Act shall terminate five years from its effective date."
890,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary may conduct forest fire fuels reduction timber sales notwithstanding any decision, restraining order or injunction pending appeal. a court may enjoin restraining orders, preliminary in- junctions, and relief pending review. if a decision is made, the Secretary may take no action."
891,"<pad> summarize: YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK COMMEMORATIVE COIN will mint and issue coins in accordance with this Act to commemorate the 125th anniversary of Yellowstone National Park 125 years ago.the Secretary shall mint and issue not more than 500,000 5 dollar coins. each of which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. and contain 90 percent gold and 10 percent alloy. 1 dollar silver coins.the Secretary shall obtain gold for the coins minted under this Act. silver will come from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Minerals Stock Piling Act. silver will come from stockpiles established under the strategic and critical minerals Stock Piling Act. design of coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of Yellowstone National Park. on each coin, there shall be a designation of the value of the coin, (2) an inscription of the year ""1997"", and inscriptions of the words ""Liberty"", ""In God We Trust"", ""United States of America"" and ""E Pluribus Unum"" the coins minted under this Act shall be issued only during the year 1997. quality of Coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. not more than 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular combination of denomination and quality of coins minted under this Act.the Secretary shall sell the coins minted under this Act at a price equal to the face value, plus the cost of designing, minting, and issuing the coins and the surcharge provided for in subsection (d). sales under this subsection shall be at a reasonable discount to reflect the lower costs of the sales. 25 percent of surcharges will be paid to the Secretary of the Interior for use by the national park service. 50 per cent of the surcharges shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury for the sole purpose of reducing the national debt. FINANCIAL ASSURANCES. the Secretary shall take actions necessary to ensure that the minting and issuance of coins under this Act will not result in any net cost to the Federal Government. if the minting and issuance of coins under this Act will not result in any net cost to the Federal Government.no provision of law governing procurement or public contracts shall be applicable. a person entering into a contract under the authority of this Act must comply with any law relating to equal employment opportunity. a person entering into a contract under the authority of this Act must comply with any law relating to equal employment opportunity.the coins issued under this Act are subject to the provisions of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code relating to the Numismatic Public Enterprise Fund. the coins issued under this Act are subject to the provisions of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code relating to the Numismatic Public Enterprise Fund. "
892,"<pad> summarize: asteroid and comet collisions rank as one of the most costly natural disasters that can occur. there are approximately 100,000 near-Earth objects 140 meters wide or larger. the time needed to eliminate or mitigate the threat of a collision of a potentially hazardous near-Earth object with Earth is measured in decades. ""potentially hazardous near-earth object"" means an asteroid or comet with a trajectory that passes less than 0.05 Astronomical Units from Earth's orbit. ""short-warning"" refers to a time period that allows only limited options to be implemented. the Office shall identify situation- and decision-analysis factors and selection of procedures and systems. the purpose of the Office shall be to prepare the united states for readiness to avoid and mitigate collisions with potentially hazardous near-Earth objects in collaboration with other Agencies through the identification of situation- and decision-analysis factors. interim report summarizes a preliminary result of the activities of the Office carried out under sections 4(b) and 4(c)(1)-(2). not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the Administrator will convene the NASA Advisory Council not later than 90 days after submitting the interim report required by section 5(1). and not later than 90 days after submitting concluding report required by section 5(2), to provide the Administrator with advice for subsequent activities under section 4. "
893,"<pad> summarize: a person may commence an action against a State as an employer. if the person initiating the action, it shall receive appropriate relief. if a person initiates the action, the court may settle the action with the defendant."
894,<pad> summarize:......................... affected Entries may be liquidated or reliquidated under subsection (a) only if a request is filed within 90 days after the date of such liquidation or reliquidation. affected Entries may be liquidated or reliquidated under subsection (a) only if a request therefore is filed with the Customs Service within 90 days after the date of such liquidation or reliquidation. affected Entries
895,<pad> summarize: evicting a tenant or deny an application for tenancy due to a criminal conviction of the person subject to a grievance. tenancy or assistance for illegal drug users and alcohol abusers in federally assisted housing. tenancy or assistance of a tenant under this section shall not be cause for termination if the tenant did not know and should not have known.
896,"<pad> summarize: Section 60102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections. the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe minimum standards for toughness for new pipes installed in gas pipeline facilities and hazardous liquid pipeline facilities. 'high-pressure pipeline' means any gas pipeline in which the gas pressure is higher than that provided to the customer.'maximum allowable operating pressure' means the maximum pressure at which a pipeline may be operated"
897,"<pad> summarize: Section 3(p)(5)(A)(i)(I) of the Small Business Act is amended by striking ""35 percent"" each place that term appears and inserting ""33 percent"". if a term appears, it will be inserted into the ""33 percent"". the Small Business Act is amended in section 3(p)(1) (15 USC. 632(p)(1)) in subparagraph (E), by striking ""or"" at the end, (B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G), and by inserting after subsection (c) as subsection. a governor may petition the Administrator to designate one or more covered areas as a HUBZone if the average unemployment Section 3(p)(5) of the Small Business Act (USC. 632(p)(5)) is amended by adding at the end: Review of applications. not later than 60 days after the date on which the Administrator receives an application from a small business concern to be certified as a qualified HUBZone small business concern under subparagraph (A)(i), the Administrator shall approve or deny the application."
898,"<pad> summarize:......................... no prospective contractor may be awarded a contract with an agency unless the contracting officer determines that such prospective contractor has a satisfactory record of integrity and business ethics. a contracting officer shall consider all relevant credible information, but shall give the greatest weight to any violations that have been adjudicated during the 3-year period preceding the offer by the prospective contractor. if the prospective contractor has taken corrective action after disclosing a violation of law,"
899,"<pad> summarize: eric liu: terrorists or others who intend to harm forces deployed abroad or to the homeland will use techniques in biotechnology to enhance the transmissibility, stability, virulence, or host range of a biological agent. liu: this possibility will likely grow over time as such techniques develop, improve, and spread as an inevitable result of biotechnology innovation. liu: if u.s. forces deploy abroad 'pathogen identification' refers to the point in time in which a specific agent has been identified and partially or wholly characterized scientifically. 'pathogen identification' means the point in time in which a specific agent can be reasonably assumed to be the cause of an infectious disease or toxin-induced syndrome has been identified and partially or wholly characterized scientifically. 'pathogen identification' means the point in time in which a specific the secretary of health and human services shall establish a system for the rapid establishment of clinical research programs. a fund is authorized to be established solely for the support of clinical research as described in subsection (a) a fund is authorized to be established for use solely for the support of clinical research as described in subsection (a). INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP consists of representatives from the department of homeland security. a working group will be formed from representatives from the department of homeland security. the private sector, the number of which shall represent one-third of the total number of the working group.Section 319F(h)(1) of the public health service Act is amended in subparagraph (C) by striking ""and"" after the semicolon, (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) Section 1601(a) of the national defense Authorization Act for Fiscal year 2004 is amended by adding at the end. "
900,"<pad> summarize: a taxpayer who claims a credit on a State income tax return for any qualified charitable contribution shall not exceed $250. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply. section 117 is amended by inserting after section 117 the following new section. gross income does not include any amount received as a grant for qualified elementary and secondary education expenses from an education investment organization. the amendment shall apply to amounts received in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003. the amendment shall apply to amounts received in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003.i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. paragraph (4) of section 530(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""public, private, or religious,"" and in subparagraph (B) by inserting after ""any school"" the following: "", including a public, private, religious, or home school"""
901,"<pad> summarize: clause (i) of section 1394(b)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""References"" and inserting ""Other definitions"" clause (II) shall be applied using possessionwide median family income. if the poverty rate for such tract is at least 20 percent, the median family income for such tract does not exceed 80 percent.clause (i) of section 1391(d)(1)(A) is amended by striking ""December 31, 2014"" and inserting ""December 31, 2016"" termination date is contemporaneous with the date specified in subparagraph (A)(i) of section 1391(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to periods after December 31, 2014."
902,<pad> summarize: sally kohn: sen. john mccain's program should be expanded to provide expert care. kohn: it should include provision of health care at military treatment facilities. kohn: sen. john mccain's program should be expanded. kohn: it should be expanded to provide expert care in a timely manner.
903,"<pad> summarize:.........................women veterans should have the following rights. the right to be treated with dignity and respect. the right to be featured proportionately, including by age and ethnicity. the right to equal consideration in hiring and employment for any job to which they apply."
904,<pad> summarize:......................... a private education loan may be refinancing under this section. the individual is not in default on a private education loan refinanced under this section. a private education loan is eligible to be refinancing under this section.
905,"<pad> summarize: business travel fell 10 percent from 2004 to 2005 compared to Europe in 2007. 66 per cent feared a simple mistake could lead to being detained for hours or worse. an international travel promotion program can expect a 6:1 return on investment. grant recipients shall use the funds to develop a promotion program focused on the overseas markets described in paragraph (2) to encourage international travel to the United States. the promotion programs described in paragraph (1) target, in each of the following fiscal years that begin after the date of enactment of this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for grants under this Act for each of the first 5 fiscal years that begin after the date of enactment of this Act. appropriations under subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. "
906,"<pad> summarize:......................... CERTAIN ENTRIES OF AQUASCAPE RELAXATION BUBBLE LIGHTS shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act reliquidate each entry described in subsection (c) containing any merchandise which, at the time of original liquidation, had been classified under subheading 9405.40.80 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. if the"
907,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. this act is to ensure that private property, public safety, and human life are protected from flood hazards resulting from post-fire watershed conditions created by wildfires on federal land. if you have any questions, please contact us if you have any questions. the term ""Administrator"" means the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. the term ""affected area"" means the area that suffered damage as a result of wildfire or flash flooding beginning on June 20, 2010. the term ""federal land"" means public lands. Section 502(c) of the federal land assistance, management, and enhancement act of 2009 is amended. it is amended by inserting ""and burn area responses, including flood prevention,"" after ""events"". if amended. Section 1306(c)(2)(B) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended. by striking ""or"" and inserting "", or"" at the end. the initial purchase of flood insurance coverage should be waived. the Schultz fire began burning in the coconino national forest on federal land. the fire destroyed more than 15,000 acres of Forest Service land. a large portion of the forest was burned along the steep terrain. "
908,"<pad> summarize: alien may not be eligible to receive an immigrant visa if he is unable to apply voluntarily. alien may not be required, as a condition on submitting or granting such application, to file a motion to reopen, reconsider, or vacate such order. alien may not be required, as a condition on submitting or granting such application, to reopen, reconsider, or vacate such order."
909,"<pad> summarize: u.s. has a long history of deceptive activities to acquire a nuclear weapons capability. u.s. has provided weapons, training, funding, and direction to terrorist groups. u.s. has characterized Iran as the ""most active state sponsor of terrorism"" in the world.u.s. halts all uranium enrichment and identifies all sites where such enrichment is occurring. u.s. aims to ensure the following objectives are achieved. u.s. aims to establish a negotiated settlement on nuclear activities in Iran. a negotiated settlement with the government of Iran regarding Iran's nuclear weapons program has failed. a negotiated settlement with the government of Iran has been signed. a negotiated settlement with the government of Iran has been signed.a business, firm, or entity has not terminated the provision of goods, services, or technology in Iran or with any Iranian-controlled entity. the president may prohibit that business, firm, or entity from receiving any United States Government contract or accessing United States capital markets. a business, firm, or entity that is a foreign financial institution, prohibit, or impose strict conditions."
910,"<pad> summarize: the term ""any 1-year period"" means a continuous period that commences not earlier than 12 months before the commission of an offense or ends not later than 12 months after the commission of the offense. the term ""agent"" means a person authorized to act on behalf of another person or a government. the term ""government agency"" means a subdivision of the executive, legislative, or judicial branch, or another branch of government. an individual who is an agent of an organization or government covered by subsection (b) shall not commit sexual harassment, as defined under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. an organization or a government covered by subsection (b) shall terminate the agency relationship with an agent described in subsection (a) who engages in sexual harassment prohibited under subsection (a) by an agent administering a program or activity.a federal department or agency is empowered to extend federal financial assistance to any program or activity, by way of grant, contract, subsidy, subsidy, loan, loan, guarantee, insurance, or other form of Federal assistance. no such rule, regulation, or order shall become effective unless and until approved by the president.a state shall not be immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution from suit in federal court. a state's receipt or use of federal financial assistance for any program or activity of a State shall constitute a waiver of sovereign immunity.RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. No effect on rights and Remedies for Sexual Harassment. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or other law applies to an organization or government described in section 3(b), including an agent of such an organization or government."
911,"<pad> summarize: Section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii) is amended, in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ""for the first time"" after ""submitting a petition"" no more than 4,000 principal aliens may be granted special immigrant status under this subsection. for fiscal year 2019, not more than 4,000 principal aliens may be granted special immigrant status under this subsection. if the numerical limitation described in subpara"
912,<pad> summarize: no funds may be made available for activities in Afghanistan. the prohibition in subsection (a) may be waived on a case-by-case basis if the President submits a certification that the availability of funds is in the national interests of the United States. the prohibition in subsection (a) may be waived on a case-by-case basis.
913,"<pad> summarize: Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections. if a State or local government has complied with this paragraph, such designation shall not take effect for purposes of subsection (a), (b), or section 202(a) of this Act. no refunds may be construed to authorize or require any payment or refund. section 201 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: annual Notification. the director shall establish and carry out a plan to notify residents of areas having special flood hazards, on an annual basis that they reside in such an area.Section 1360 of the national Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Notification to Members of Congress of Map Modernization. Upon any revision or update of any floodplain area or flood-risk zone pursuant to subsection (f)(1), the Director shall notify the Senators for each State affected, and each Member of the House of Representatives for each congressional district affected, by such revision or update in writing. Section 1360 of the national flood insurance act of 1968 amended by section 3. it is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the director shall notify each community affected by such map change or revision. he shall provide each such community and each such State and local government an opportunity to review such map change or revision and propose modifications to such map change or revision.Section 1360 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 amended by section 4. review of flood map methodology will be conducted not less than once every ten years. a new subsection will also be added. a new subsection will also be added. section 1363 of the national flood insurance act of 1968 is amended in subsection (a) by inserting ""determinations"" in subsection (b) the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any flood elevation determination for any area in a community that hasn't been issued a Letter of Final Determination. not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall submit a report to the Congress setting forth a plan for repaying within 10 years all amounts, including any amounts previously borrowed but not yet repaid owed pursuant to clause (2) of subsection (a) of section 1309 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. "
914,"<pad> summarize:......................... ARTICLE III ""The States which are parties to this compact do hereby establish and establish a joint interstate authority to assist in these efforts,"" he says. he cites ""a number of vacancies in the Georgia membership occurring every two years"" he cites ""a number of vacancies in the Georgia member counties listed above"""
915,"<pad> summarize: a public or private nonprofit entity must submit an application to be eligible for a grant under this section. a project may receive funding pursuant to a grant under this section for a period of up to 3 years. a project may receive funding pursuant to a grant under this section for a period of up to 3 years.geriatric mental health outreach teams are community-based providers of mental health services. geriatric mental health outreach teams meet criteria specified in section 1913(c). geriatric mental health outreach teams are based in community settings where older adults live.Section 520 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) the director shall designate a Deputy Director for Older Adult Mental Health Services. such initiatives include research on prevention and identification of mental disorders in older adult population.section 502(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following. members appointed pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall include representatives of older adults or their families, and professionals with an expertise in geriatric mental health. Section 509(b)(2) of the public health service act is amended by adding before the period the following. if amended: "" and to providing treatment for older adults with substance-related disorders"" section 509(b)(2) of the public health service act (42 USC. 290bbb-2(b)(2))section 1912(b)(4) of the public health service act is amended. it describes the State's outreach to and services for older individuals. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to plans submitted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to State plans submitted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of"
916,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 2202(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subclause. Section 2202(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 300bb-8(3)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subclause: ""Qualifying event involving substantial reduction or elimination of a retiree group health plan"" Section 202. RULES GOVERNING LITIG"
917,"<pad> summarize: Section 1905(a)(5)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1396d(a)(5)(A)) is amended by striking ""section 1861(r)(1)"" and inserting ""paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 1861(r)""mediCARE has amended section 1861(s)(12) of the social security act. extra-depth shoes with inserts or custom molded shoes with inserts for an individual with diabetes. if a physician documents that the individual has diabetes, it is medically necessary to have therapeutic shoes. section 6331(h)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. it applies to levies issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment shall apply to levies issued after the date of the enactment of this Act."
918,"<pad> summarize:......................... if a credit is allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under this section if a credit under subsection (a) has been allowed to any of such individuals in any taxable year with respect to the purchase of any other principal residence. if the credit allowable under subsection (a) exceeds the limitation imposed by subsection (b)(2) for such taxable year, such excess shall be carried to the succeeding"
919,<pad> summarize: title 18 defines psychiatric hospital as a mental defective. the term 'psychiatric hospital' includes psychiatric hospitals based on a finding a danger to himself or to others. the term 'order or finding' doesn't include an order or finding that has expired or has been set aside or expunged.
920,"<pad> summarize: subtitle A of title III of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 3002. WATER SOURCE PROTECTION PROGRAM. In general. The Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall establish and maintain a Water Source Protection Program for National Forest System land derived from the public domain. a watershed restoration action plan for each priority watershed will be developed. if a wildfire has significantly diminished the condition of a watershed. if a wildfire has significantly diminished the condition of a watershed. if a wildfire has significantly diminished the condition of a watershed.Section 4003(f)(4) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 is amended. it is amended by striking ""2019, to remain available until expended"" and inserting ""2014, and $60,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2024, to remain available until expended"""
921,"<pad> summarize: the amendment made by this section shall apply to distributions in taxable years beginning after the date of the promulgation of this Act. if applicable taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.an employer may elect to terminate the qualified salary reduction arrangement of the employer at any time during the year. in the case of a year during which an employer terminates a qualified salary reduction arrangement before the end of such year the applicable dollar amount in effect for such year shall be prorated to the date of such termination. the amendments made by this section shall apply to years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. ELIMINATION OF HIGHER PENALTY ON EARLY SIMPLE IRA DISTRIBUTIONS. the amendment made by this section shall apply to distributions in taxable years beginning after the date of the promulgation of this Act.nolective Employer Contributions Allowed for SIMPLE IRA. iraq, syria, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, iraq, ira 401(K) PARITY for ADDITIONAL NONELECTIVE EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. an arrangement shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements of this subparagraph merely because under such arrangement the employer makes nonelective contributions of not more than 10 percent of compensation for each employee who is eligible to participate in the arrangement and who has at least $5,000 of compensation from the automatic deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral deferral defer paragraph (2) of section 45E(c) of such Code is amended by striking ""qualified employer plan"" and inserting ""eligible employer plan"" in each place it appears and inserting ""eligible employer plan"" and inserting ""eligible"" in the heading thereof and inserting ""eligible"" section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. an individual retirement plan (as defined in section 7701(a) shall not be considered a pension plan merely because an employer establishes a payroll deduction program for the purpose of enabling employees to make voluntary contributions to such account or annuity."
922,"<pad> summarize: atomic weapons factories became contaminated with radioactive materials during atomic weapons production process. congress was not aware of the presence of residual radioactive contamination. 88 atomic weapons employer facilities have little potential for significant residual radioactive contamination. the term 'atomic weapons employee' means an individual employed at an atomic weapons employer facility during a period in which the employer was processing or producing material that emitted radiation. a report found that there is a potential for significant residual contamination outside of the period in which weapons-related production occurred. a report found that there is a potential for significant residual contamination outside of the period in which weapons-related production occurred. in each of 2005, 2006, and 2007, the Director of the national institute for Occupational safety and health shall submit to Congress, not later than December 31 of that year, an update to the report required by section 3151(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal year 2002. each such update shall for each facility for which such report, or any update to such report, found that significant residual contamination remained present as of the date of the report. the report referred to in section 4 and each update required by section 4 are published in the federal Register not later than 15 days after being released. the director shall ensure that the report referred to in section 4 and each update required by section 4 are published in the federal Register not later than 15 days after being released. "
923,"<pad> summarize: more than 4,400 traditional gun shows are held every year across the united states. a large number of firearms are offered for sale by federal firearms licensees and nonlicensed firearms sellers. many people who buy and sell firearms at gun shows, flea markets, and other organized events cross State lines to attend these events.section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the term <unk> gun show promoter' means any person who organizes, sells, offers for sale, transfers, or exchange a gun show unless that person registers with the Secretary in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary. if any part of a firearm transaction takes place at a gun show, it shall be unlawful"
924,<pad> summarize: an immigrant visa made available under subsection 203(c) for fiscal year 2007 may be issued. an adjustment of status under section 245a may be granted. such visa or adjustment of status shall be counted against the worldwide levels set forth in section 201(e)
925,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that in 1977, the north Dakota State Legislature authorized and directed the State Water Commission to conduct the Southwest Area Water Supply Study. amendments made by the Garrison Diversion Unit Reformulation Act of 1986 authorized the Southwest Pipeline project as an eligible project for federal cost share participation. the perkins County Rural Water System has continued to be recognized by the State of North Dakota, the Southwest Water Authority, the North Dakota Water Commission, the Department of the Interior, and Congress as the term ""Corporation"" means the Perkins County Rural Water System, Inc a nonprofit corporation established and operated substantially in accordance with the feasibility study. the term ""feasibility study"" means the study entitled ""Feasibility Study for Rural Water System for Perkins County Rural Water System, Inc., as amended in March 1995. the Secretary shall make grants to the Corporation for the Federal share of the costs of the planning and construction of the water supply system. repairs to existing public water distribution systems to ensure conservation of the resources and to make the systems functional under the new water supply system. a final engineering report and a plan for a water conservation program have been prepared and submitted to Congress. MITIGATION OF FISH AND WILDLIFE LOSSES shall be on an acre-for-acre basis based on ecological equivalency concurrent with project construction. mrs. mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr m portions will be eligible to use power from the Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program. USE OF PICK-SLOAN POWER will be eligible for operation during the period beginning May 1 and ending October 31 of each year. the federal share under section 4 will be 75 percent of the amount allocated in the total project construction budget for the planning and construction of the water supply system under section 4. such sums as are necessary to defray increases in development costs reflected in appropriate engineering cost indices after march 1, 1995. non-Federal share under section 4 shall be 25 percent of total project construction budget. sums necessary to defray increases in development costs reflected in appropriate engineering cost indices after march 1, 1995. if.the Secretary may provide assistance in overseeing matters relating to construction of the water supply system. the amount of funds used by the Secretary may not exceed an amount equal to 3 percent of the amount provided in the total project construction budget for the portion to be constructed.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $15,000,000 for the planning and construction of the water supply system under section 4. such sums as are necessary to defray increases in development costs reflected in appropriate engineering cost indices after march 1, 1995."
926,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ supprimation of restrictions on oil and natural gas development on federal lands. supprimation of restrictions imposed on oil and natural gas development. supprimation of restrictions imposed on federal lands.Limitation of suits under the national environmental policy act of 1969.................... Incentives for investment in oil refineries. incentives for investment in oil refineries. incentives for oil refineries. incentives for oil refineries. incentives for oil refineries.suppension of fuel taxes on highway motor fuels. weekly gasoline prices exceed benchmark. suppension of fuel taxes on highway motor fuels. suppension of fuel taxes on highway motor fuels. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates. increase in mileage reimbursement rates.a termination of application of title IV of the Trade Act of 1974 to the Russian Federation and Kazakhstan. a termination of application of title IV of the Trade Act of 1974. a termination of application of title IV of the Trade Act of 1974. high fuel costs retard economic growth and diminish the quality of life for all americans. the federal regulations restricting drilling impose prohibitive costs on the development of new sources of energy, artificially inflating the price of gas. federal gas taxes increase the price of oil thus burdening american families, business, and truckers. all provisions of existing Federal law prohibiting expenditures for natural gas leasing and preleasing activities shall have no force or effect. all existing withdrawals by the president under the authority of section 12 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act are hereby revoked. Section 102 of the national environmental policy act of 1969 is amended by adding ""(a) In general. "" before the first sentence. a statement required under subsection (2)(C) is not subject to judicial review. a statement required under subsection (2)(C) is not subject to judicial review.a waiver under the Clean Air Act shall not be taken into account. the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to refineries placed in service after the enactment of this Act. the amendments made by this subsection shall not apply to refineries placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. section 4081 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Suspension of Highway Motor Fuel Taxes When Retail Gasoline Exceeds Benchmark. the term 'highway motor fuel' means any fuel subject to tax under this section or section 4041 other than aviation gasoline and aviation-grade kerosene. no credit or refund shall be allowed or made under this subsection unless claim therefor optional standard mileage rates to be used for computing the deductible costs of operating an automobile for business purposes shall be not less than 70 cents per mile. medical, moving, and Charitable Contribution Rates for any day under which highway motor fuel taxes are suspended under section 4081(f of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. title IV of the Trade Act of 1974 shall cease to apply to those countries. a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to the Russian Federation and Kazakhstan. title IV of the Trade Act of 1974 shall cease to apply to those countries. a determination under subsection (a)(2) of nondiscriminatory treatment shall be made. "
927,"<pad> summarize: section 109(c) of title 11, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (5) in subparagraph (B) by striking ""impracticable,"" inserting ""impossible,"" and in subparagraph (D) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon. section 158(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. section 943 of title 11, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b) in paragraph (6). in a case in which the plan modifies a collective bargaining agreement, or modifies a retiree benefit, including an accrued pension, retiree health, or other retirement benefit as defined in section 1114(a), in any manner otherwise prohibited by nonbankruptcy law. in such case, the labor organization that currently represents active employees"
928,"<pad> summarize: the earned income credit provided over $30,000,000,000 in tax relief to 18,500,000 low-income taxpayers in 2001. in 1999, the earned income credit assisted 4,700,000 people, including 2,600,000 children of low-income workers, to rise above the poverty line. fewer than 1 in 10 have their tax returns prepared for free by the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program. the commissioner of Internal Revenue shall establish and carry out a national public awareness campaign. he shall make special efforts to produce and distribute educational materials to groups identified under subsection (a) he shall make special efforts to conduct outreach to low-income families and individuals, (2) students, (3) single parents, (4) businesses and corporations, (5) limited English proficient individuals, (6) transient workers. the commissioner shall make grants to state agencies for the purposes of carrying out an earned income credit statewide public awareness campaign in conjunction with the national campaign under section 3. Allotments. a State shall provide matching funds to a grant made available under this section. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Internal Revenue Service $15,000,000 for each fiscal years 2004 through 2014. not more than 3 percent of the funds appropriated to carry out this Act shall be spent on administrative costs of the Internal Revenue Service. "
929,<pad> summarize: DIAPER DISTRIBUTION DEMONSTRATION PROJECT is amended by adding at the end. an entity desiring a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application. an entity shall use the grant funds in a cost-effective manner.
930,<pad> summarize: a state shall submit an application for a grant under this subsection. a state may make low-interest loans for elevation and other pre-disaster property mitigation measures. a state may make low-interest loans for elevation and other pre-disaster property mitigation measures. a state may make low-interest loans for elevation and other pre-disaster property mitigation measures.
931,<pad> summarize: residents of the district of Columbia are the only Americans who pay federal income taxes. they do not have voting representation as other taxpaying Americans do. they are twice denied equal representation because they don't have voting representation. they do not have voting representation as other taxpaying Americans do.the community of american citizens who are residents of the district constituting the seat of government of the united states shall have full voting representation in the congress. the district constituting the seat of government of the united states is governed by a constitution. section 138 of the Internal Revenue Code is amended by inserting after section 138 the following new item relating to section 138. residents of the District of Columbia are exempt from taxation under this chapter for such taxable year. an individual who is a bona fide resident of the District of Columbia during the entire taxable year shall be exempt from taxation under this chapter for such taxable year. if an individual is a bona
932,<pad> summarize:......................... u.s. gov. robert mcdonald's has ruled out re-election in a multi-seat district. a state that is entitled to more than a representative in congress may establish a number of districts for election of Representatives that is less than one-third of the total number of votes cast in the district. mcdonald's has ruled out re-
933,"<pad> summarize: section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. it shall be unlawful to sell or otherwise dispose of a handgun that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce during any 30-day period ending on the date of such sale or disposition. paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to exchange of 1 handgun for 1 handgun. section 924(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""one year"" and inserting ""5 years"". if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable.Section 922(t)(2)(C) of title 18, United States Code is amended by inserting ""not less than 180 days after the transfer is allowed,"" before ""destroy"" Section 617 of division B of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 is amended by striking ""(a)"" and all that follows through ""(1)"" and inserting ""for"", and by striking "". And"" and all that follows and inserting a period. section 921(a)(21)(C) of title 18 is amended by inserting. the semicolon may transfer more than 1 handgun in a 30-day period. the semicolon may transfer more than 1 handgun in a 30-day period."
934,"<pad> summarize: not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall implement the following recommendations of the national transportation safety board. not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to Congress the notification described in paragraph (1) with respect to each recommendation of the national transportation safety board made before the date of the enactment of this Act. if the Administrator determines to implement faa administrator submits to congress a certification process. each air carrier will certify to the Administration that the air carrier has received an airworthiness directive or other order issued by the Administration. faa has a plan for ensuring the compliance of air carriers with such directives and orders. administrator of the federal aviation administration performs random inspections of regional air carriers. regional air carriers are regional air carriers for purposes of subsection (a). regional air carriers defined. if they are regional air carriers, they will perform random inspections yearly.the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a final rule relating to the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking published in the Federal Register on January 12, 2009. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall revise regulations under part 61 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to increase the minimum number of hours of flight experience required for pilots to conduct flight operations.regulations specifying limitations on hours of flight time allowed for pilots to address problems relating to pilot fatigue. Fatigue management plans. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall prescribe regulations providing guidance to air carriers to develop plans to ensure that pilots are not operating aircraft while fatigued. Section 44703(h)(1)(A) of title 49 is amended in clause (i), by striking "", and"" and inserting a semicolon, (2) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii) faa administrator submits to congress a plan for overseeing pilot schools. the plan includes ensuring that the curriculum and course outline requirements are being met. faa is enacting a federal aviation authority."
935,"<pad> summarize: Section 8348(h) of title 5 is amended in paragraph (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following redetermination. if the result for a fiscal year is a supplemental liability, that amount shall remain in the Fund until distribution is authorized under subparagraph (C) if the result for a fiscal year is a surplus, that amount shall remain in the Fund until distribution is authorized. Section 101(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ""a maximum degree of"" and inserting ""a deficit"" section 404 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (8) as paragraph (7) through (9), respectively. section 411 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ""mails""this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments to this Act will take effect on the date of enactment. "
936,"<pad> summarize: the disability rights section of the department of justice develops a program to educate state and local governments and property owners on effective and efficient strategies for promoting access to public accommodations for persons with a disability. such program may include training for professionals such as Certified Access Specialists to provide a guidance of remediation for potential violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act. the disability rights section of the department of justice shall take appropriate actions, to the extent practicable, to make paragraph (1) of section 308(a) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 USC. 12188(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows. the remedies and procedures set forth in section 204(a) are the remedies and procedures this title provides to any person who is being subjected to discrimination on the basis of disability in violation of this title or who has reasonable grounds for believing that such person is about to be subjecte this Act takes effect 30 days after enactment date. amendments made by this Act take effect 30 days later. enactment of this Act enacts a new version of this Act. enactment of this Act enacts a revised version of this Act.the federal Judicial Center should provide a public comment period on any such proposal. the goal of the model program shall be to promote access quickly and efficiently without the need for costly litigation. the model program should include an expedited method for determining the relevant facts related to such barriers to access and steps taken before the commencement of litigation to resolve any issues related to access."
937,"<pad> summarize: 'qualified loan' means a loan which is made, or secured, by an individual retirement plan. the term 'qualified first-time homebuyer expenses' means the cost of acquiring, constructing, or reconstructing a residence. the term 'principal residence' has the same meaning as when used in section 1034. 'qualified medical emergency expenses' means any amount, not compensated for by insurance or otherwise."
938,"<pad> summarize: Section 1860D-31(c) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-141(c)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following subparagraph: Automatic enrollment of certain low-income beneficiaries in medicare savings programs. notice of eligibility. Not later than 45 days after the date an individual described in clause (ii) is first eligible to enroll in an endorsed discount card program and to receive transitional assistance under subsection ( Section 1860D-1(b)(1)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-101(b)(1)(C)) is amended. the matter begins with ""The process established"" as a clause (i) and an appropriate indentation. an individual described in this clause is an individual who has failed to enroll in a prescription drug plan or an MA-PD plan. a full-benefit dual eligible"
939,"<pad> summarize: Section 1857(c)(1) of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""a term of at least 1 year"" and inserting ""an initial term of at least 3 years"" and inserting ""for additional 1-year periods thereafter""if a MedicareChoice organization terminates a plan under subparagraph (b)(iii), the Secretary may delay the effectiveness of such termination for up to 1 year if the Secretary finds that the termination would cause an imminent and serious risk to health to individuals enrolled under the plan under this part. if a MedicareChoice organization terminates a plan under subparagraph (b)(iii), the Secretary may delay Section 1857(c) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-27(c)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (6) and by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph. if a MedicareChoice organization offers a MedicareChoice plan that provides coverage in a metropolitan statistical area in a State, the Secretary shall terminate any contract with the organization for coverage of any part of that area section 1852(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Continuity of care. in general. if an individual's enrollment with a MedicareChoice plan offered by a MedicareChoice organization under this part is terminated by the organization. notwithstanding such termination the organization shall continue to provide coverage for the covered course of treatment."
940,"<pad> summarize: construction and operation of federal water resource development projects have had impacts on many water systems and their respective fish populations. the service currently operates nearly 40 fish hatcheries involved in mitigation fishery activities related to construction and operation of federal water resource development projects. in most cases the Service expends its appropriations to offset mitigation fishery costs.the term ""sponsor agency"" refers to a resource management plan developed between the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and one or more sponsor agencies. the term ""sponsor agency"" refers to a resource management plan developed between the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and one or more sponsor agencies. a fishery mitigation plan shall be approved in advance. MITIGATION FISHERY COSTS will be obligated to meet the fishery costs. the funds must be identified in advance by the director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. the funds to be obligated for this purpose shall be identified in advance by the director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service."
941,"<pad> summarize: a member of the senior executive service who is detailed to a temporary position may not serve in that position for periods longer than 120-day increments. no member of the senior executive service may be detailed to an unclassified position for a period longer than 240-day increments.plan developed under subsection (a) includes a deadline to hire directors of medical centers of the department as described in such subsection. Identification of the possible impediments to such hiring. nominations to senior executive positions in the department.the director of each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs annually certifies to the Secretary that the medical facility is in full compliance with all provisions relating to scheduling appointments for veterans to receive hospital care and medical services. if a director of a medical facility of the Department does not make a certification under subsection (a)(1) for a year, each covered official described in paragraph (2) may not receive an award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the directives and policies of the Department apply to each office or facility in a uniform manner. if the Secretary does not uniformly apply the directives and policies of the Department pursuant to subsection (a), including by waiving such a directive or policy with respect to an office, facility, or element of the Department, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representative and the Senate."
942,"<pad> summarize: long-term care hospitals serve a valuable role in the post-acute care continuum by providing care to medically complex patients needing long hospital stays. the Medicare program should ensure that patients receive post-acute care in the most appropriate setting. the use of additional certification criteria will promote the appropriate placement of severely ill patients into LTCHs.Section 1861 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. ""long-term care hospital"" means an institution that provides long-term care to medically complex inpatients. the institution has a patient review process, documented in the patient medical record, that screens patients prior to admission. the Secretary shall conduct a study to determine appropriate quality measures for Medicare beneficiaries receiving care in LTCHs. not later than October 1, 2007, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. LTCHs shall collect data on the 3 quality measures chosen under subsection (c) and submit all required quality data to the Secretary. the Secretary shall annually update and reweight the LTCH base rate. he shall not make a one-time prospective adjustment to the LTCH prospective payment system rates under section 412.523(d)(3) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations. the Secretary shall permit up to 75 percent of the discharged Medicare impatient population of an applicable hospital to be admitted from a co-located urban single or co-located MSA dominant hospital. the term ""applicable long-term care hospital"" means a long-term care hospital that meets the criteria in section 412.22(e) of title 42, Code of federal regulations."
943,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of homeland security, acting through the Commissioner of US Customs and Border Protection (CBP), shall submit a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry. current technology at ports of entry can be adapted to handle more volume, increase efficiency, and improve accuracy of detection efforts. Improvements needed during secondary inspections to meet food safety standards defined by applicable statutes for the commodities being inspected."
944,"<pad> summarize: section 102 is amended by inserting ""child care,"" after ""educational,"" in paragraph (10)(A) by inserting ""child care,"" after ""educational,"" in paragraph (10)(A) by adding ""child care,"" after ""educational,"" at the end. the term 'emergency child care' means supervision, recreation, and other services. ELIGIBILITY OF FOR-PROFIT CHILD CARE FACILITIES is amended. a private for- profit child care facility may be eligible for assistance under this Act. a private for- profit child care facility may be eligible for assistance under this Act.Title III of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by adding at the end. the President shall encourage States and localities to include consideration of services and facilities for children within all phases of their disaster planning, training, and exercises. the president shall take such actions as may be necessary to include the provision of services and facilities for children. Section 403(a)(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 USC. 5170b(a)(3)) is amended in subparagraph (D) by inserting "", child care,"" after ""schools,"" (2) by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (I), (3) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting. a single federal disaster case management program will be established. the program will adequately address the physical health, mental health, nutrition, education, housing, transportation, and other human services needs of children and families who are victims of a major disaster. the program will provide access to funding that supports all aspects of disaster case management.the president may provide mass care shelters for victims of major disasters. such shelters shall provide a safe and secure mass care shelter environment for children. the president may develop and implement national standards and indicators for mass care shelters.Section 616(a)(2)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by inserting ""children and"" before ""individuals with disabilities"". if you have a disability, you may be able to use the information below."
945,"<pad> summarize: Section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (d) through (j) as subsections (e) through (k), respectively. the secretary of transportation shall modify regulations issued under subsection (b) to allow a motor carrier to use hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance by an operator of a commercial motor vehicle. restrictions on use of hair testing. preemployment and random testing the secretary of health and human services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. motor carrier may apply for an exemption under section 31306 of title 49. it uses hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance by an operator of a commercial motor vehicle instead of other methods of preemployment and random testing. procedures will remain in effect until the procedures required under section 2 have been implemented.not later than 1 year after the date of implementation of regulations issued under section 31306(d) of title 49, United States Code. the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an analysis of the efficacy of hair testing and urinalysis as methods of detecting the use of controlled substances.the term ""commercial motor vehicle"" has the meaning given the term in section 31301 of title 49, United States Code. ""controlled substance"" means any substance under section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 specified by the Secretary of Transportation. "
946,"<pad> summarize: section 1413a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ""entitled to retired pay who "" and inserting ""rule"" section 1414 of such title, as amended by section 3, is amended by striking ""a member or"" and inserting ""an individual who is a qualified retiree for any month is entitled"" and inserting ""retired pay and veterans' disability compensation"" subchapter II of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows. in section 1450, by striking subsection (c) by striking subsection (c) by striking subsection (c) and by redesignating paragraphs (3) and as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. Prohibition on Retroactive Benefits. Section 12731(f)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ""below 60 years of age by three months for each aggregate of 90 days on which such person so performs in any fiscal year after such date. the amendment shall take effect as of January 28, 2008. "
947,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: 76 americans have died in terrorist attacks by domestic extremists in the united states. avlon: in 2016, hate crimes increased by almost 5 percent. avlon: in 2015, hate crimes increased by almost 5 percent. avlon: if u.s. is unable to protect the rights of the right-wing. the term ""domestic terrorism executive committee"" means a committee assessing domestic terrorism threats. the term ""secretary"" means the secretary of homeland security. the term ""domestic terrorism"" has the meaning in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code. domestic terrorism office is authorized to monitor domestic terrorism activity. there is authorized a Domestic Terrorism Unit in the Counterterrorism section of the national security division of the department of justice. domestic terrorism office is responsible for investigating domestic terrorism activity.training will focus on the most significant domestic terrorism threats. training will focus on the most significant domestic terrorism threats. a report will be unclassified, to the greatest extent possible, with a classified annex only if necessary. joint terrorism task forces of the federal bureau of Investigation and state, local, and regional fusion centers share intelligence to address domestic terrorism activities. conduct an annual, intelligence-based assessment of domestic terrorism activities in their jurisdictions. the activities required under subsection (a) shall focus on the most significant domestic terrorism threats. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Homeland Security. sums may be necessary to carry out this Act. "
948,"<pad> summarize: Congress designated classes of Cold War-era workers as members of the Special Exposure Cohort under the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000. a final rule establishing procedures for designating additional classes of employees in the Special Exposure Cohort if it is not feasible to estimate with sufficient accuracy the radiation dose that the class received. if it is not feasible to estimate with sufficient accuracy the radiation dose that the class received and there is a section 3626(b) is amended by inserting ""(A)"" after ""(1)"", (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as subparagraph (B) fewer than 50 percent of the employees in the class were individually monitored on a regular basis under a formal health physics program for exposure. not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue regulations for designating additional classes of employees as members of the Special Exposure Cohort under section 3626(b)(2) of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000, as amended by section 3. not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human"
949,"<pad> summarize: Section 102 is amended in paragraph (1) by inserting ""and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts"" after ""State of Connecticut,"" (2) by striking paragraph (2). in paragraph (8), inserting ""regional, and State agencies"" and inserting ""regional, and State agencies""section 103 is amended in subsection (a) by inserting ""and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts"" after ""State of Connecticut"" the purpose of this title is to provide assistance to the State of Connecticut and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the development and implementation of integrated natural, cultural, historic, scenic, recreational, land, and other resource management programs. section 104 is amended in the first sentence of subsection (a) by inserting ""Union,"" after ""Thompson,"". and by inserting before the period at the end the following: Administration. Quinebaug- Shetucket Heritage Corridor, Inc. MANAGEMENT PLAN is amended by striking the section heading and inserting the following. the management entity may, for the purposes of implementing the management plan, make grants or loans to the States, their political subdivisions, nonprofit organizations, and other persons to further the goals set forth. Section 106 is amended to read as follows. Upon request of the management entity, the Secretary and the heads of other Federal agencies shall assist the management entity in the implementation of the management plan. assistance under subsection (a) shall include provision of funds authorized under section 109 and technical assistance necessary to carry out this Act.Section 107 is amended by striking ""Governor"" and inserting ""management entity"" section 107 is amended by striking ""Governor"" and inserting ""management entity"". if applicable, if applicable. if applicable. section 108 is amended by inserting before the period at the end: ""and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts"" in paragraph (5), by striking ""means each of"" and all that follows and inserting the following. term <unk> management entity' means the document approved by the Governor of the state of Connecticut on February 16, 1999. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS is amended to read section 109. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $1,500,000 for any fiscal year. federal funding provided under this title may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of any assistance provided under this title. section 110 is amended by striking ""service"" and inserting ""system"" section 110 is amended by ""service"" and ""system"" section 110 is amended in the section heading by striking ""service"" and inserting ""system"" section 110 is amended in the section heading by striking ""service"" "
950,"<pad> summarize: the Point Arena-Stornetta Public Lands contain significant natural resources. the ocean and coastal ecosystems are internationally recognized as significant centers of coastal upwelling that support the diverse, abundant and productive marine ecosystems and wildlife underlying the local economy and identity of coastal communities. the coastal area surrounding the Point Arena-Stornetta Public Lands was traditionally used by Indian people. the boundary of the California Coastal National Monument, established by Presidential Proclamation 7264, is expanded to include the Federal land shown on the map. the map and boundary description filed under subsection (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary may correct any minor errors in the maps and boundary descriptions.lands added to the monument by this Act may be viewed or heard within the lands added by this Act. lands or interests in land within or adjacent to the lands added by this Act shall be added to and administered as part of the monument. "
951,"<pad> summarize: arson is a leading cause of fire deaths, accounting for approximately 700 deaths annually in the u.s. estimates of arson property losses are in the range of $2,000,000,000 annually, or approximately 1 of every 4 dollars lost to fire. there is a need for expanded training programs for arson investigators. a grant under this section may be extended for one or more additional periods. a grant under this section may be extended for one or more additional periods. a grant under this section may be extended for one or more additional periods. a grant under this section may be extended for one or more additional periods.section 24(a)(a)(2) of the federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 is amended. it is inserted before the semicolon the following: "", with particular emphasis on the needs of volunteer firefighters for improved and more widely available arson training courses"" the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 is amended. no funds shall be made available to a State or local government under section 25. if such government has a policy to actively promote the training of its firefighters in cardiopulmonary resuscitation. section 31(c)(1) of the federal fire prevention and control act of 1974 is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""No Federal"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, no Federal"" housing covered by this paragraph that does not have an adequate and reliable electrical system shall not be subject to the requirement under subparagraph (A) section 17 of the federal fire prevention and control act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $500,000 for fiscal year 1995. $2,000,000 for the expansion of arson investigator training programs at the Academy under section 24.no funds are authorized to be appropriated for any fiscal year after fiscal year 1996. no funds are appropriated to be appropriated for any fiscal year after fiscal year 1996. the amendments made by this Act may not be appropriated."
952,"<pad> summarize: a child dies every ten minutes, on average, from malnutrition, diarrhea, or respiratory tract infections. a child dies every ten minutes, on average, from malnutrition, diarrhea, or respiratory tract infections. famine conditions in the country have a significant impact on food insecurity in Yemen. u.s. officials are concerned the closure of the port of Hodeida could exacerbate famine. sen. john avlon: addressing the famine conditions in Yemen is in the national security interests of the united states. he asks: is the sense of Congress that effectively addressing the famine conditions in Yemen is in the national security interests of the united states. Section 5(a) of the global food security act of 2016 is amended in paragraph 16. it is amended by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (17), it's added: facilitate coordination between the United States Agency for international development, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of humanitarian affairs. the secretary of state and the secretary of defense jointly submit to Congress a comprehensive report on the security and humanitarian interests of the united states in Yemen. the strategic objectives of the United States in Yemen, including humanitarian support to civilian populations under threat of famine, and criteria for determining the success of such objectives. a description of efforts to coordinate civilian and military efforts with respect to Yemen. "
953,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may, subject to the limitations of this section and upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, guarantee and make commitments to guarantee notes and obligations. not less than 70 percent of the aggregate funds received by an Indian tribe or tribally designated housing entity as a result of a guarantee under this section shall be used for the support of activities that benefit low-income Indian families on Indian reservations and other Indian areas. a guarantee made"
954,"<pad> summarize: Section 105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended in subparagraph (C), by striking ""and"" at the end. by inserting after paragraph (20) the following new paragraph: ""never publish the United States position at the conclusion of each negotiating round of the parties on the proposed agreement"" Section 141(b)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended. it is amended by adding at the end: ""the Trade Representative shall ensure that the individual who is appointed the Chief Transparency Officer does not, because of any other position the individual holds or otherwise, have, or appear to have any conflict of interest"""
955,"<pad> summarize: Congress established new and expanded conservation system units in many areas of Alaska. these units are uniquely relevant to the culture and ways of Native Alaskans and other residents of rural Alaskan communities. they are intended to protect habitat for fish and wildlife, to provide continued opportunity for subsistence uses by local residents, and to protect archaeological sites associated with Native cultures. the Secretary of the Interior conducts a Demonstration Project. it will take 5 years to complete. the enactment of this Act........ if a contract is entered into under this Act, the Secretary shall initiate and conclude negotiations unless an alternative negotiation and implementation schedule is otherwise mutually agreed to. if a contract is entered into under this Act, the Secretary shall initiate and conclude negotiations unless an alternative negotiation and implementation schedule is otherwise mutually agreed to. report required under subsection (a) shall be completed within existing appropriations. report required under subsection (a) shall be completed within existing appropriations. report required under subsection (a) shall be completed within existing appropriations. report required under subsection (a) shall be completed within existing appropriations. the term ""conservation system unit"" shall have the meaning given that term in section 102(4) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act. the term ""Indian tribe"" shall have the meaning given that term in subsection 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act."
956,"<pad> summarize: section 922(x) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""juvenile"" and inserting ""person who is less than 21 years of age"" and inserting ""person who is less than 21 years of age""section 924(a)(6) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. a person other than a juvenile who knowingly violates section 922(x) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than one year, or both. if the person sold, delivered, or otherwise transferred a handgun, ammunition, semiautomatic assault weapon, or large capacity ammunition feeding device to a person less than Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. it shall be unlawful for any licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer to sell, transfer, or deliver any firearm to any person unless the transferee is provided with a secure gun storage or safety device. Section 924 of such title is amended in subsection (a)(1) by inserting "", or (p)"" before ""of this section"" a child has not attained the age of 18 years. a person who keeps a loaded firearm or an unloaded firearm is imprisoned. a person who holds the firearm is a peace officer, a member of the Armed Forces.a parent or legal guardian of a child shall ensure that, while the child is attending a gun show, the child is accompanied by an adult. it shall be unlawful for a person to conduct a gun show to which there is admitted a child who is not accompanied by an adult. the term 'child' means an individual who has not attained 18 years of age. the Attorney General is authorized to provide grants to units of local government to enable law enforcement agencies to develop and sponsor gun safety classes for parents and their children. each application referred to in paragraph shall include an assurance that funds received under this section shall be used only to provide funds to law enforcement agencies to provide gun safety classes. and gun safety classes will be offered at times convenient to parents, including evenings and weekends.each school district should provide or participate in a firearms safety program for students in grades kindergarten through 12. participation by students in a firearms safety program shouldn't be mandatory if the district receives written notice from a parent of the student to exempt the student from the program. "
957,<pad> summarize: federal law enforcement training center salaries and expenses rescinded. federal law enforcement training center salaries and expenses rescinded. federal law enforcement training center salaries and expenses rescinded. federal law enforcement training center salaries and expenses rescind.
958,"<pad> summarize: a long-term care insurance contract must be fully insured if a qualified carrier offers such coverage. the office of Personnel Management shall establish and administer a program through which employees and annuitants may obtain group or individual long-term care insurance under this chapter during such year. the office of Personnel Management shall establish and administer a program through which employees and annuitants may obtain group or individual long-term care insurance under this chapter during such year. the office of Personnel Management shall take such measures as may be necessary. long-term care coverage under title 5, United States Code, as amended by this Act, may be obtained in time to take effect beginning on or after January 1, 2000. "
959,"<pad> summarize: Section 36 of such Code is redesignated as section 37. Section 36 of such Code is redesignated as section 37. section 36 of such Code is redesignated as section 37. section 36 of such Code is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection. section 222 of such Code is amended by striking ""section 25A(g)(2)"" Hope and Lifetime Learning credits....................... the table of sections for subpart A of part IV is amended by striking the item relating to section 25A. this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003. Section 7528 is amended by redesignating section 7529 as section 7529. the secretary shall establish a program for making payments on behalf of certified individuals. limitation on advance payments During any taxable year. a return is described in this subsection if such return is in such form as the Secretary may prescribe."
960,"<pad> summarize: fdc: identity theft is one of the fastest growing crimes committed in the u.s. criminals who steal personal information open fraudulent credit card accounts, write bad checks, buy products, and commit other financial crimes with assumed financial identities. a financial institution may be deemed to be in compliance with this section if it violates a federal law. a financial institution may be deemed to be in compliance with this section if the financial institution has established a comprehensive information security program. if the financial institution is notified of a breach or suspected breach of personal information, the financial institution will promptly notify the financial institution of the breach. ftsa issues appropriate regulations to establish the duration of fraud alerts imposed by this subsection. a consumer reporting agency shall include a fraud alert meeting the requirements of this subsection in the file of a consumer promptly upon receipt of a request by the consumer. ftsa issues appropriate regulations to establish the duration of fraud alerts required by this subsection. a consumer reporting agency may charge a reasonable fee. a credit reporting agency may charge a reasonable fee. a credit reporting agency may charge a reasonable fee. a credit reporting agency may charge a reasonable fee.not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the federal trade commission shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendments made by this Act. fdc will issue final regulations to carry out the amendments made by this Act. "
961,"<pad> summarize: Section 1834(l)(8) of the Social Security Act is amended in subparagraph (B) by striking ""owned and"" and by inserting """" after ""hospital"" and all that follows and inserting a period. amendments apply to services furnished on or after January 1, 2006.section 1834(l)(14) is amended by adding ""paragraphs (14) and (15) of section 1834(l)"" a rural ground ambulance service is reimbursed based on the health condition of the individual being transported at or immediately prior to the time of the transport. a rural ground ambulance service is reimbursed if the ground ambulance service is reasonable and necessary based on the health condition of the individual being transported. Section 1834(l)(13)(A)(i) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. additional payments for providers furnishing ambulance services in rural areas. a rural area that is a high metropolitan commuting area. a rural area that is a low metropolitan commuting area.Section 1154(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1320c-3(a)(1)) is amended by inserting """" after ""noninstitutional providers"" in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) Section 254(h)(7)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 254(h)(7)(B) is amended in clause (vi), by striking ""and"" at the end, (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii), and by inserting after clause (vi) the following new clause: ambulance providers. And"" Effective date.the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall award grants under this section. a State that receives a grant under this section may use assistance received through such grant. a State that receives a grant under this section may use assistance received through such grant for the following: to integrate the State EMS systems with the State and local health care delivery system. "
962,"<pad> summarize: each overseas visitor spends an average of $4,000 at hotels, restaurants, and other United States businesses. global travel spending is expected to double over the next decade, reaching $2.1 trillion. despite a 40 percent increase in international travel in 2000 to 12 per cent during that timeframe. the secretary of state sets a visa processing standard of 12 or fewer calendar days. a sufficient number of foreign service officers and limited appointment consular officers must meet and maintain such standard throughout the year. a limited number of non-immigrant visa officers must meet and maintain such standard throughout the year.the Secretary of State shall conduct a two-year pilot program for the processing of nonimmigrant visas using secure remote video conferencing technology. the secretary of state shall initiate a rulemaking process to establish the pilot program described in subsection (a), criteria for participation in such program, and the fee for such program in accordance with subsection (d). Participation. the Secretary of State may impose a fee for the pilot program described in subsection (a) monthly median wait times measured in calendar days for past 12 months for nonimmigrant visa interview appointment. monthly median wait times measured in calendar days for past 12 months for nonimmigrant visa to be processed. a nonimmigrant visa interview appointment will be processed on january 1.the secretary of state submits to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that includes: an annual forecast of demand through 2020 for nonimmigrant visas in key high-growth markets of Brazil, China, and India. details on whether such methodology utilizes the Department of Commerce's analysis of visitor arrival projections. information on short- and long-term plans developed to meet the forecasted if the Secretary can demonstrate no adversarial effects to the United States, the Secretary may modify or enter into agreements with certain countries on a non-reciprocal basis. the Secretary may allow for longer visa validity periods than the periods with such countries that are in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act."
963,<pad> summarize: a qualified forest conservation bond shall not be refunded if refunded. a tax-exempt bond will not apply if refunded a qualified forest conservation bond. a refunded bond will not be refunded if the average maturity date of the issue is not later than the average maturity date.
964,"<pad> summarize: Section 40g of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""30,000,000"" each place it appears and inserting ""60,000,000"" Small Ethanol Producer Credit not a Passive Activity Credit. section 469(d)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ""subpart D"" and inserting ""subpart D, other than section 40(a)(3)"""
965,"<pad> summarize: conservation system units established in many areas of Alaska. conservation system units include protection of habitat for fish and wildlife. conservation of fish and wildlife populations. conservation of fish and wildlife populations. conservation of archeological sites associated with. Alaska Native cultures.a participating Indian tribe or tribal organization may contract to perform construction, maintenance, data collection, biological research, and harvest monitoring on conservation system units in Alaska. a participating Indian tribe or tribal organization may request participation by resolution or other official action of the governing body of the Indian tribe or tribal organization. a participating Indian tribe or tribal organization shall complete a planning phase prior to negotiating and entering into a conservation system unit management contract. contracts entered into under contracts, compacts, or funding agreements under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. the Secretary shall enter into contracts, compacts, or funding agreements with the Koyukuk River Basin Moose Co-Management Team, Inc.the term ""conservation system unit"" shall have the meaning given that term in section 102(4) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act. the term ""Indian tribe"" shall have the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. "
966,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary, acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, may establish and implement a national monitoring and surveillance program to identify and promote the investigation of deaths and severe complications that occur during pregnancy. the Secretary, acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, may carry out activities to promote safe motherhood. he is authorized to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal year."
967,"<pad> summarize: Section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 is amended in subsection (b) by striking paragraph (6). and by striking subsection (h) as paragraph (7). section 254 is amended in subsection (b) by striking paragraph (6).Section 4251(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed effective with respect to bills first rendered on or after January 1, 1999, and before October 1, 2003. the term <unk> applicable percentage' means 3.0 percent with respect to amounts paid pursuant to bills first rendered before January 1, 1999. Subchapter B of chapter 33 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. the 'Telecommunications Technology Trust Fund' is established in the Treasury of the united states. there are hereby appropriated amounts equivalent to 100 percent of the taxes received in Treasury after December 31, 1998, under section 4251. the provisions of this section shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2003.telecommunications and related services are provided to elementary and secondary schools. telecommunications and related services may not be sold, resold, or otherwise transferred. telecommunications and related services may not be sold, resold, or otherwise transferred. amendments made by sections 2 and 5 of this Act shall be effective 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. amendments made by sections 3 and 4 of this Act shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. amendments made by sections 3 and 4 of this Act shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. "
968,<pad> summarize:'small business lending company' has the meaning given under section 3 of the Small Business Act.'small business lending company' has the meaning given under section 3 of the Small Business Act.'small business lending company' has the meaning given under section 3 of the Small Business Act. the date of the enactment of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 will take effect on the later of the following. the date of the enactment of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 shall take effect on the later of the following. 
969,"<pad> summarize: LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT EMPLOYEES is amended by redesignating part F as part G. the secretary, acting through the Administrator of the health resources and services administration, shall carry out a program under which the Secretary enters into agreements with individuals to make payments in accordance with subsection (b) on the principal of and interest on each eligible loan of the individual."
970,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. ""Part C Patient Protection Standards ""Section 2770. Notice. ""Section 2771. Coverage of services. ""Section 2772. Access to emergency care. ""Section 2775. Designation of primary care provider. ""Section 2777. Understandability of information.""a health insurance issuer may deny coverage of a service unless a physician has reviewed the notes of the enrollee's physician. if an issuer denies an appeal, the issuer shall provide written grievances to the enrollee. if an issuer denies an appeal, the issuer shall establish and maintain an internal appeals process. if an issuer denies an appeal, the issuer shall provide the"
971,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Hudson-Mohawk Area"" means the area made up of the cities of Troy, Cohoes and Watervliet. the term ""park"" means the Hudson and Mohawk Rivers National Historical Park established pursuant to section 4(c). the city of Troy was a leader nationally in the development of trade unions. the city of cohoes was a leader nationally in the development of trade unions. the city of cohoes was a leader nationally in the development of trade unions. the city has been designated as one of 14 urban cultural parks. a unit of the National Park System, the Kate Mullaney National Historic Site consisting of a portion of the Harmony Mills complex as depicted on the map entitled """" and dated. lands, improvements, and interests in lands and improvements have been acquired. the Secretary may acquire the sites and such lands and improvements as are necessary for the management and operation of the sites. for the purposes of the Park, the Secretary may acquire historic objects and artifacts and other personal property associated with and appropriate for the interpretation of the Park. for the purposes of the Park, the Secretary may accept donated funds, property, and services.the Secretary shall administer the park in accordance with this Act and all laws generally applicable to national historic sites. in administering the park, the Secretary shall preserve and interpret the site and preserve and perpetuate knowledge and understanding of the park's natural and cultural resources. each agreement shall facilitate the development, presentation, and funding of exhibits and programs and other appropriate activities related to the preservation, development, and use of the park. the plan shall include recommendations and cost estimates for there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you can use this information to make an informed decision. "
972,<pad> summarize: section 202 of the Act is amended to read as follows. the term 'eligible entity' means a local educational agency in which 20 percent of students are from families with income below the poverty line. a subpart is amended to read as follows.
973,"<pad> summarize:......................... the term ""apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint projects"" means the federal water resources projects. the term ""freshwater flows"" means the quality, quantity, timing, and variability of freshwater flows required to support and reestablish the physical, chemical, biological, and overall ecological integrity of the components, functions, and natural processes. thriving and diverse fish, wildlife, and plant populations with species composition, diversity,"
974,"<pad> summarize: a quadrennial review should be conducted to determine how the Department can best fulfill its mission. the department operates over 250 posts in more than 180 countries throughout the world. there have been dramatic changes in the world in which the Department must function. there has been little change in the diplomatic strategy and structure.a nonpartisan, independent panel shall be known as a National Foreign Affairs Panel. a panel shall be composed of a chairperson and eight other individuals appointed by the Secretary. a panel shall submit to the Secretary the response report required under section 2(c)(2). the head of the department or agency concerned shall ensure that information requested by such Panel is promptly provided to such Panel."
975,"<pad> summarize:......................... the Department of Environmental Protection is redesignated as the Department of Environmental Protection. a Deputy Secretary of Environmental Protection shall perform such functions as the Secretary considers appropriate. if a vacancy occurs in the Office of the Secretary, he shall be appointed by the President. he shall perform such functions as the Secretary considers appropriate."
976,"<pad> summarize: hijacked 4 separate airliners to use the planes as weapons to kill innocent americans. the hijacked aircraft crashed in a sparsely populated area near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, at 10:10 a. m.modalities of presentation of medals struck under this Act shall be determined by the President. the modalities of presentation shall be determined by the President. the modalities of presentation shall be determined by the President. he will strike gold medals with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions. medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. if necessary, the amount may be necessary if the Act is carried out. the amount may be necessary to carry out this Act. "
977,"<pad> summarize: the national program for arts and technology established under this Act will be the first national replication program in the u.s. it will provide grants for qualifying centers and communities to implement or found a qualifying center. it is the purpose of this Act to establish the national program for arts and technology to provide grants for qualifying centers and communities to implement or found a qualifying center. the term ""national program for arts and technology"" means a private, nonprofit educational entity based on the education and training model based on the national program for arts and technology. the term ""qualifying center"" means a private, nonprofit educational entity based on the guidelines and practices established by the national program for arts and technology. a qualifying center is accessible to communities and neighborhoods that have limited access to transportation. grants to qualifying centers and interested communities to provide financial support to establish a new qualifying center to carry out the purposes described in section 2(b) a qualifying center or interested community must submit an application under subparagraph (A) at such time containing such information as the Secretary may require. "
978,"<pad> summarize: a new section of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended. it will calculate the uniform percentage by which nonexempt spending accounts are sequestered. if a provision is enacted as an emergency requirement under this subsection, the amounts of new budget authority and outlays in all fiscal years resulting from that provision shall be treated as an emergency requirement for the purposes of this section. if a provision is en section 275(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is abroged. section 275(b) of the balanced budget and emergency deficit control Act of 1985 is repealed.this Act and the amendments made by it shall apply to fiscal year 2012 and subsequent fiscal years. if applicable. if applicable, it will apply to fiscal year 2012. if applicable. if applicable. "
979,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered agency"" means any agency, to the extent of its facilities in the National Capital Region. the term ""agency"" means any agency, to the extent of its facilities in the National Capital Region. the term ""covered agency"" is used in the same way as under section 2 of Executive Order 13150. section 1344 of title 31, United States Code is amended by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections and (i), respectively. a federal agency that provides transportation services under this subsection shall absorb the costs of such services using any funds available to such agency, whether by appropriation or otherwise. "
980,"<pad> summarize: this act promotes development of the Haitian private sector. the purpose of this Act is to promote development of the private sector. the act is intended to promote development of the private sector. it includes small business, the agriculture sector and joint ventures with the united states.the president is authorized to designate a private, nonprofit organization based under state law as eligible to receive funds and support under this Act. the organization so designated shall be referred to as the ""Haitian-American Enterprise Fund"" for purposes of this Act, the organization so designated shall be referred to as the ""Haitian-American Enterprise Fund"" the president, acting through the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall provide a grant to the Haitian-American Enterprise Fund. a grant will be used to carry out the purposes described in section 2 including to promote the policies and practices described in subsection (b) and pay the administrative expenses of the Enterprise Fund. the Haitian-American Enterprise Fund may consult extensively with other similarly situated enterprise funds established by the United States Government. the Haitian-American Enterprise Fund may consult extensively with other similarly situated enterprise funds established by the United States Government in order to seek out best practices relating to the start-up phase and other ongoing business matters of the Enterprise Fund.the Oversight Panel shall monitor the activities of the Haitian-American Enterprise Fund and all other economic development initiatives of the United States for Haiti. the Oversight Panel shall consist of individuals appointed by the President after consultation with Congress, from among United States citizens. appropriations under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended"
981,"<pad> summarize: enactment of this Act is required 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 4415 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. section 4415 of title 10 is repealed. the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 407 of such title is amended.sally kohn: a training activity undertaken by the united states with foreign security forces should increase emphasis on respect for human rights. kohn: a training activity should ensure the United States does not train individuals implicated in human rights abuses, illegal drug trafficking, or corruption. kohn: a training activity should focus on respect for human rights, the proper role of a military within a democratic society. kohn:"
982,"<pad> summarize: IMPACTS OF EPA REGULATORY ACTIVITY ON EMPLOYMENT AND ECONOMIC ACTIVITY are analysed based on economic models used by the Administrator to carry out this subsection. analysis under paragraph (1) shall include estimated job losses and decreased economic activity due to the denial or issuance of permits, including permits issued under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. a public hearing required by paragraph (1) shall be held at"
983,"<pad> summarize: a strong public health system requires a strong preventive medicine workforce. there are only approximately 6,000 physicians board certified in preventive medicine. many health care costs are spent on chronic conditions that could be avoided by implementing preventive methods. the number of preventive medicine residency programs and individuals pursuing preventive medicine has significantly decreased in recent years.eligible preventive medicine physician may pay up to $20,000 of medical education loans incurred by the physician. an eligible preventive medicine physician must submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. the term ""eligible preventive medicine physician"" means a practicing physician.'eligible employer' means an employer who develops and implements a qualified wellness program. 'qualified employee' means an individual who participates in at least 2 preventive health screenings or other programs offered through a qualified wellness program during the taxable year. 'qualified participant' means an individual who participates in at least 2 of the preventive health screenings or other programs offered through a qualified wellness program during the taxable year the secretary of health and human services will carry out a national education campaign. he will encourage preventive health screenings by individuals, employers, physicians, hospitals, state and local health departments, community health centers, industrial sites, occupational health centers, academic centers, private practices, the military."
984,<pad> summarize: the pilot program will be carried out during the five-year period beginning on the date of the commencement of the pilot program. a non-government entity is an entity that is certified in the training and handling of service dogs. a veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder or other post-deployment mental health condition may volunteer to participate in the pilot program. a veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder or other post-deployment adjustment difficulties may
985,<pad> summarize: there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse a tax determined in accordance with the following table. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his
986,"<pad> summarize: certain lands in the Jefferson National Forest comprise approximately 4,707 acres. certain lands comprise approximately 5,573 acres. certain lands in the Jefferson National Forest comprise approximately 2,789 acres. some lands are hereby incorporated in a map entitled <unk> Mountain Lake Additions'lands comprise approximately 6,455 acreage. some lands comprise approximately 5,400 acreage. a map entitled ""Crawfish Valley"" will be enacted in 2004. a map and boundary description shall be on file and available for public inspection. the secretary of agriculture shall establish, in consultation with interested parties, a trail plan for national forest system lands described in this paragraph in order to develop the following: Hiking and equestrian trails within the scenic areas designated by section 2. within two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of the trail plan."
987,"<pad> summarize: lands in township 15 north, range 4 east, section 2 and all interests therein, including improvements, mineral rights, and water rights. lands so exchanged shall be of approximately equal value. lands may be conveyed by the Pueblo to the Secretary who shall accept and hold such lands."
988,"<pad> summarize: the term ""municipal solid waste"" does not include any solid waste identified or listed as hazardous waste. the term ""waste management facility"" means any facility that collects, stores, transports, transfers, treats, processes, or disposes of municipal waste.each state and each political subdivision with respect to which a State has delegated to a political subdivision the authority to plan for, and determine methods to be used for, the collection, disposal, or other means of management of municipal solid waste generated within, or imported into the boundaries of the political subdivision."
989,"<pad> summarize: Section 1316(d) of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 is repealed. the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied and administered as if the amendments made by such section had not been enacted. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1997. Section 1042(c)(1)(b) of such Code is amended to read as follows. the amendment made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. if a taxpayer disposes a qualified replacement property, the gain shall be recognized. section 404(k)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. the amendments apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1997. the amendments will apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1997."
990,"<pad> summarize: dietary supplement industry is concerned that the nutrition labeling and education Act of 1990 will prohibit health claims on dietary supplements. if a dietary supplement was on the market on or before November 15, 1993, the Secretary may not, after November 15, 1993, require a prescription."
991,"<pad> summarize:......................... the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection shall, not later than 90 days after the receipt of the request described in subsection (b) liquidate or reliquidate the entries described in subsection (a) at a rate of duty of 1.9 cents per kilogram plus 1.5 percent ad valorem. the entries referred to in subsection (a) are as follows: Entry number Date of entry 101-6067581-4............ 122601 101-607"
992,"<pad> summarize: this act does not affect the right of an individual or State to receive any child support payment. a person or State must pay child support if he or he has a child support payment. he or she must pay child support. taxable unpaid unpaid child support payments of a taxpayer for any taxable year shall be treated as amounts includible in gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year by reason of the discharge of indebtedness of the taxpayer. if notice cannot be provided under subparagraph (A) because there is no known address, no income shall be included in gross income for any taxable year beginning in the preceding calendar year in which such payment is made 'applicable child support payment' means an individual whose adjusted gross income for the taxable year does not exceed $50,000. if a deduction was allowed under this subsection, such payment shall not be treated as an applicable unpaid child support payment if at least half of the payments required to be paid to the eligible taxpayer. if an individual has assigned the right to receive such amount to a State, such payments must be delinquent for at least net revenues received in the Treasury pursuant to this Act shall be applied solely to the retirement of outstanding public debt obligations of the united states. net revenues shall be applied, as provided in appropriation Acts. notwithstanding any other provision of law that does not specifically refer to this section."
993,"<pad> summarize: Section 4611(c)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ""9.7 cents"" and insert ""15.8 cents"" Adjustment for inflation. In general. in the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2014, the amount under paragraph (2)(A) shall be increased by an amount equal to such amount, multiplied by the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which such the term 'crude oil' includes crude oil condensates, natural gasoline, any bitumen or bituminous mixture. the term 'crude oil' shall apply to oil and petroleum products received or entered during calendar quarters beginning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by this section shall apply to oil and petroleum products received or entered during calendar quarters beginning more than 60 days after the Section 111 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""for the purposes specified"" and all that follows through ""for the following purposes:"" and inserting ""The"" in subsection (c) by striking ""subject to such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, the"" each place it appears and inserting ""The"" in paragraph (12) by striking ""to the extent that such costs"""
994,"<pad> summarize: the term ""community bank"" means an insured depository institution. the term ""depository institution holding company"" has the meaning given the term in section 3(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 USC. 1813(c)) Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is amended by striking ""that's neither"" and inserting ""that's neither"" is an insured depository institution or a depository institution holding company.the Securities & Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.506(b)(2)(i) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, 90 days after enactment of this Act. it will change the limit on the number of purchasers contained in section 230.506(b)(2)(i) from 35 to 70. if enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.506(b)(2) the term ""bank holding company"" has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the bank holding Company Act of 1956. the term ""savings and loan holding company"" has the meaning given the term in section 10(a) of the Home Owners' Loan Act (12 USC. 1467a(a)). the Board may exclude any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company, regardless of asset size."
995,"<pad> summarize: sen. pamela mccarthy: the armed militia has allegiance to the Donestsk People's Republic. mccarthy: the armed groups are abducting, harassing and harassing people. mccarthy: if a foreign terrorist organization is designated as a foreign terrorist organization. mccarthy: if a foreign terrorist organization is designated, the president shall subject to all available sanctions any person in the united states or subject to the jurisdiction of the United States who knowingly provides material support or resources to the Donbass People's Militia or its affiliates, associated groups, or agents. the Secretary of State may not issue any visa to any member or representative of the Donbass People's Militia or its affiliates, associated groups, or agents. aliens may be removed from"
996,"<pad> summarize: the term ""agency"" means the National Park Service. the term ""secretary"" means with respect to the Department of the Interior. the term ""secretary"" means with respect to the Department of the Interior.the Secretary may establish, charge, and collect fees for admission to an area, site, facility, facility, equipment, and service of an agency. a violation relating to a payment of a fee described in paragraph (1) shall be punishable as a Class B misdemeanor. the secretary may enter into contracts, which may provide reasonable commissions or reimbursements, with any public or private entity to provide fee collection and processing services."
997,"<pad> summarize: the disability rights section of the department of justice develops a program to educate state and local governments and property owners on effective and efficient strategies for promoting access to public accommodations for persons with a disability. such program may include training for professionals such as Certified Access Specialists to provide a guidance of remediation for potential violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act.it is unlawful for any person to send or otherwise transmit a demand letter or other form of pre-suit notification alleging a violation of section 302 or 303 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. if such letter or communication does not specify in detail the circumstances under which an individual was actually denied access to a public accommodation. any person who violates this section shall be fined under title 18, United States Code. paragraph (1) of section 308(a) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 USC. 12188(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: Availability of remedies and procedures. the remedies and procedures set forth in section 204(a) are the remedies and procedures this title provides to any person who is being subjected to discrimination on the basis of disability in violation of this title or who has reasonable grounds for believing that such the federal Judicial Center should provide a public comment period on any such proposal. the goal of the model program shall be to promote access quickly and efficiently without the need for costly litigation. the model program should include an expedited method for determining the relevant facts related to such barriers to access and steps taken before the commencement of litigation to resolve any issues related to access.this Act takes effect 30 days after enactment date. amendments made by this Act take effect 30 days later. enactment of this Act enacts a new version of this Act. enactment of this Act enacts a revised version of this Act. "
998,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that oversight of significant rules will be enhanced if they are subject to congressional review and approval after being proposed by an agency. the purpose of this Act is to ensure that before a significant rule takes effect Congress is given an adequate opportunity to review the rule. and Congress approves the rule in accordance with the procedures established by this Act.significant rule will not take effect before the date of the enactment of a joint resolution described in section 4(a) comprised solely of the text of the proposed significant rule. the agency proposing a proposed significant rule shall submit to each House of Congress a report containing the following: a copy of the proposed significant rule.a joint resolution shall be referred to the appropriate committee of the House in which it is introduced. a motion in the Senate to proceed to the consideration of a joint resolution under this section shall be highly privileged and not debatable. an amendment to the motion shall not be in order, nor shall it be in order to move to reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution is agreed to or disagreed to. a motion to recommit a petition for review is filed with the Clerk of the House of Representatives or the Secretary of the Senate. if a petition for review is filed, the Clerk or the Secretary shall determine whether the petition meets the requirements of subsection (d) if the Clerk or the Secretary determines that a petition meets those requirements, he or she shall notify the majority leader of that House. if the joint resolution is not introduced as provided in the preceding sentence, the term ""agency"" has the meaning given by section 551 of title 5, united states code. ""session day"" and ""legislative day"" don't include, with respect to a House of the Congress, any day throughout which that House is not in session. the term ""rule"" does not include any rule of particular applicability.monetary policy is not subjected to this Act. it applies to any rule proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve system. monetary policy is not subjected to this Act. monetary policy is not subjected. "
999,"<pad> summarize: Section 8340 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection. the adjustment under this section for an annuity which is based on creditable service, any part of which is service as a Member or service in a position under the Executive Schedule, shall be the lesser of the percentage adjustment which would be applicable under this section if the provisions of this subsection had not been enacted. or the maximum percentage increase"
1000,"<pad> summarize: 84 percent of firearms accidents involved people who didn't follow basic safety rules. the term 'locking device' means a device which prevents discharge of the firearm. the secretary may issue an order prohibiting the manufacture, sale, transfer, or delivery of trigger lock devices."
1001,<pad> summarize: Section 401(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following. a student who has received a Federal Pell Grant during an award year may receive an additional Federal Pell Grant for such additional period or periods. a student may decline to receive any portion of a Federal Pell Grant for any payment period based on the student's award amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) for the most recent award year
1002,"<pad> summarize: a variety of effective and appropriate judicial remedies are available under existing law for the full redress of legal or constitutional violations imposed by federal courts with appropriate jurisdiction. if a Federal court issues an order that requires or results in the imposition, increase, levying, or assessment of any tax, the court exceeds the proper boundaries of the limited jurisdiction and authority of Federal courts under the Constitution. section 1369 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new item. no district court may impose, increase, levy, or assess any tax. a district court may impose, increase, levy, or assess a judicial tax, levy, or assessment. "
1003,"<pad> summarize: a commission to be known as the ""Campaign Finance Reform Commission"" is established to be known as the ""Campaign Finance Reform Commission"" the commission is to study the laws relating to elections for federal office and to recommend reforms in those laws. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. seven members shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number may hold hearings. any member of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take under this section. not later than 10 months after enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Congress a report of the activities of the Commission. a draft of legislation recommended by the Commission to reform the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 and any other laws relating to elections for federal office.draft of legislation under section 5 will consider ways to increase confidence in the Federal electoral system. remove negative and insidious aspects of campaign financing. a more equitable electoral system for challengers and incumbents. a more equitable electoral system for challengers and incumbents. a motion to proceed to the consideration of a Federal election bill shall be highly privileged. the motion to proceed to consider shall be highly privileged. a motion to proceed to the consideration of a Federal election bill shall not be debatable. a motion to proceed to the consideration of a Federal election bill shall be highly privileged.TERMINATION. the Commission shall cease to exist 3 months after the date of submission of its report under section 5. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. "
1004,"<pad> summarize:......................... eric liu: a federal agency that is a tenant of the space shall provide energy consumption information to multitenant building owners. liu: a federal agency that is a tenant of the space shall provide the energy consumption information of the space. liu: a federal agency that is a tenant of the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain the energy consumption information of the space"
1005,"<pad> summarize: the term 'intermediary nonprofit grantee' means an experienced and capable nonprofit training and technical assistance entity based on small and midsize nonprofit organizations. each of the grantees shall match the grant funds by providing a non-Federal share as described in subsection (f) the Corporation shall give preference to intermediary nonprofit organizations seeking to become intermediary nonprofit grantees in areas where nonprofit organizations face significant resource hardship challenges. Section 501(b) of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 is amended by striking ""There are"" and inserting ""subtitle A of title III"" there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out subtitle B of title III $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be necessary. "
1006,"<pad> summarize: the medals authorized by this Act are to express recognition by the united states and the Congress. the medals are to honor the Native American Code Talkers who distinguished themselves in performing highly successful communications operations of a unique type. they assisted in saving countless lives and in hastening the end of World War I and World War II. the first reported use of American Indian Code Talkers was on October 17, 1918. it was the first time in modern warfare that such transmission of messages in a native language was used to confuse the enemy. despite the lack of citizenship, the code developed by these Native Americans proved to be unbreakable and was extensively used throughout the European theater.gold medal struck under subsection (a) in recognition of Code Talkers is emblematic. gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. the gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. the Secretary shall strike duplicates in silver of the gold medals struck under section 4. he shall determine eligibility for a silver duplicate under section a. he shall consult with the secretary of defense who shall make prompt determinations of such eligibility.the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze medal struck under section 4 at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medal, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. if he strikes and sells duplicates in bronze, he may strike and sell them.medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals were struck pursuant to this Act for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31. the medals were issued in the united states by the united states. there is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. amounts are necessary to pay for the cost of the medals authorized under sections 4 and 5 Proceeds of Sale. amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under this Act shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under this Act shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public no provision of this Act shall be construed as authorizing the award of a duplicate medal to any individual, or any next of kin or personal representative of any individual, previously honored pursuant to section 1101 of title XI of division B of H. R. 5666 enacted by reference in Public Law 106-554."
1007,<pad> summarize: a mortgagor has a credit score equivalent to a FICO score of at least 680 or more. a mortgage under which the mortgagor has a credit score equivalent to a FICO score of 680 or less. a civil money penalty for improperly influencing appraisals may be imposed.
1008,<pad> summarize: Section 102 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by striking. the table of contents of chapter 14 of title I of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 is amended by adding at the end the following. the Commission shall establish written criteria for determining whether to accept gifts.
1009,"<pad> summarize: INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION. Administrator shall modernize the integrated public alert and warning system. he shall establish or adopt, as appropriate, common alerting and warning protocols, standards, terminology, and operating procedures for the public alert and warning system."
1010,<pad> summarize:......................... section 1312(d)(3)(D) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended. the amendment takes effect as if included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. the amendment made by this section will take effect as if included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
1011,<pad> summarize: a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. a joint resolution introduced under subsection (a) shall not be referred to a committee.
1012,"<pad> summarize: the federal government pays approximately $8 billion a year solely to train resident-physicians in the united states. the excessive numbers of hours worked by resident-physicians is inherently dangerous for patient care and for the lives of resident-physicians. the medical community has not adequately addressed the issue of excessive resident-physician work hours. section 1866 of the social security act is amended in subsection (a)(1). it is inserted after subparagraph (S) and inserts "", and"" at the end of subparagraph. postgraduate trainees shall have at least 10 hours between scheduled shifts. a post graduate trainee or physician resident may file a complaint. there are hereby appropriated amounts as may be required to provide for additional payments to hospitals incurred in order to comply with the requirements imposed by this Act. if hospitals are unable to comply with this Act, they may be required to provide for additional payments. "
1013,<pad> summarize: federal agencies are required to adequately secure the borders of the united states. federal assistance is required to cover costs related to detention of certain criminal aliens. a federal law enforcement agency is authorized to grant grants. a federal law enforcement agency is authorized to grant grants.
1014,"<pad> summarize: u.s. law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin. u.s. law prohibits discrimination against Jews, Muslims, Sikhs, and members of other religious groups. u.s. law prohibits discrimination on the basis based on group's actual or perceived shared ancestry or ethnic characteristics.the term ""definition of anti-semitism"" includes anti-semitism outlined in the Fact Sheet. the fact sheet includes the examples set forth under the headings ""Contemporary Examples of Anti-Semitism"" and ""What is Anti-Semitism Relative to Israel?"" RULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR TITLE VI of the civil rights ACT of 1964. it will take into consideration the definition of anti-semitism as part of the assessment. if the practice was motivated by anti-semitism, the department of education will review, investigate, or deciding if there has been a violation. assistant secretary for civil rights administers and enforces title VI of the civil rights Act of 1964. title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 complies with the manner of administration and enforcement described in Dear Colleague letter. a general rule of construction shall not be construed to expand the authority of the secretary of education. if the department of education makes a determination that harassing conduct amounts to actionable discrimination. or to diminish or infringe upon the rights protected under any other provision of law that is in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act. "
1015,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered entity"" means any person, company, institution, or other entity engaged in interstate commerce in the united states that owns, licenses, or otherwise holds an interest in a federally-funded technology. the term ""federally-funded technology"" means any technology, product, process, or system developed as a result of federal energy research and development funding. the term ""federally-funded technology"" means any technology, product, process, or notification submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include an identification of the covered entity. a notification submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include an identification of the purchasing, acquiring, or merging entity. a person who knowingly and intentionally fails to make a notification shall be imprisoned for not more than 5 years and fined according to title 18, United States Code. a covered entity shall notify the Secretary of Energy in writing not later than 7 days of the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report on the notification. such a report shall contain, at a minimum, information provided by the covered entity under section 3(a) an assessment of any cybersecurity threats to the national interests of the United States with respect to the covered transaction. an estimate of any amounts of Federal, State, and foreign government funding that any party to the covered transaction, other than the covered entity, has received."
1016,"<pad> summarize: section 422 (21 USC. 844(a)) is amended in section 404(a) (21 USC. 844(a)) by striking ""3 years"" and inserting ""$1 year"" and ""$5,000"" and inserting ""$1,000"" and ""$1,000""parts D of the Controlled Substances Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 424. WEIGHING OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES MIXED WITH FOOD PRODUCTS."" the table of contents for the Controlled Substances Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following: ""section 424. Weighing of controlled substances that is in compound with this Act, and amendments made by this Act, shall apply to any offense that was committed before the date of enactment of this Act if a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enactment. the sentencing court may, on motion of the defendant or the Director of the Bureau of prisons, reduce the term of imprisonment for the offense. the united States Sentencing Commission may amend federal sentencing guidelines. it may amend the guidelines as if the authority under that section had not expired. if necessary, the Commission may amend the guidelines and policy statements.funds transferred to ""Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Fund"" may be used without regard to fiscal year. funds transferred to ""Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Fund"" may be used without regard to fiscal year. a fund to be known as ""Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Fund"" is hereby created within the Department of Justice."
1017,<pad> summarize: rebuttable Presumption means a drug trafficking offense involving a controlled substance. a rebuttable presumption that the property is subject to forfeiture. a rebuttable presumption that the property is the proceeds of an offense involving a controlled substance. a rebuttable presumption that the property is subject to forfeiture is present.
1018,"<pad> summarize: the term ""agency"" has the meaning given the term ""Executive agency"" it does not include an executive agency if the President determines that this Act should not apply to the Executive agency for national security reasons. the term ""customer"" includes any individual or entity to which the agency provides services or information.the director of the Office of Management and Budget shall develop performance measures to determine whether agencies are providing high-quality customer service and improving service delivery to customers of the agencies. standards to be met by agencies in order to provide high-quality, timely customer service and improve service delivery to customers of the agencies, including specific milestones and performance targets.the head of each agency, acting through the service improvement officer, shall designate an employee to be the service improvement officer of the agency. the head of each agency, acting through the service improvement officer of the agency, shall issue guidelines to implement the customer service standards developed under section 3 within the agency, including specific principles of customer service applicable to the agency. service improvement unit pilot program will provide assistance to agencies that do not meet customer service standards and performance measures established under section 3. the authority to carry out the pilot program shall terminate 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the authority to carry out the pilot program shall terminate 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. compliance with the customer service standards developed under this Act shall be included in the performance appraisal systems described in section 5307(d) of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL shall be included in the performance appraisal systems described in section 5307(d) of title 5 of title 5. the term ""agency"" has the meaning given in section 551 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. the director of the Office of Personnel Management shall submit to congress, the Comptroller General of the united states, and issue publicly a report evaluating the timeliness, completeness, and accuracy of information submitted by the agency relating to employees of the agency who are retiring Congress should not have additional funds to carry out this Act. no additional funds should be appropriated to carry out this Act. if it does not, it would be necessary to do so. if it does not, it would be necessary to do so. "
1019,"<pad> summarize: Section 4611(b) of such Code is amended by striking ""or exported from"" in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ""or exportation"" in paragraph (1)(B), and by striking ""and Exportation"" in the heading. the tax imposed by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this subsection and before January 1, 2021. the amendment made by subsection (a) and (c) shall take effect"
1020,"<pad> summarize: the head of each executive agency issues and uses purchase cards and convenience checks. the head of each executive agency shall establish and maintain safeguards and internal controls. the head of each executive agency shall establish and maintain safeguards and controls. the head of each executive agency that has employees that use travel charge cards shall establish and maintain safeguards and internal controls over travel charge cards. each executive agency has specific policies regarding the number of travel charge cards issued by various organizations and categories of organizations. the administrator of general services shall prescribe regulations governing the implementation of the safeguards and internal controls in paragraph (1) by executive agencies. regulations promulgated under this section shall reflect best practices for conducting purchase card and travel card programs. regulations promulgated under this section shall reflect best practices for conducting purchase card and travel card programs. if approved by the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall promulgate regulations to implement the requirements of section 2."
1021,"<pad> summarize: Section 6323 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Required Procedures Before Filing Notice of Lien. Secretarial determination. In general. the Secretary may not file a notice of lien with respect to any taxpayer unless the lien attaches to distrainable property. if the taxpayer is an otherwise viable business taxpayer, the filing will not jeopardize the taxpayer's prospective ability to comply the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. if the notice of such lien was not refiled during the required refiling period, such period ends more than 6 years. "
1022,"<pad> summarize: settlers and travelers have used the cemetery since the late 1800's. settlers and travelers have used the land in the county's jurisdiction. the county must continue the use as a cemetery. a waiver is revoked if a waiver is in the best interests of the united states. Congress finds that the use of the cemetery predates incorporation of the land within the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management on which the cemetery is situated. the secretary of the interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, shall convey to Eureka County, Nevada, for no consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcel of land described in subsection (c)"
1023,"<pad> summarize: federal holdings in the State of Nevada constitute over 87 percent of the area. under general land laws less than 3 percent of the Federal land in Nevada has moved from federal control to private ownership in the last 130 years. the lack of a private land tax base prevents most local governments from providing the appropriate infrastructure to allow timely development of land that is disposed of by the Federal Government for community expansion and economic growth.the term ""current land use plan"" refers to an administrative unit of the Bureau of Land Management. the term ""environmentally sensitive land"" means land or an interest in land. the term ""environmentally sensitive land"" means land or an interest in land. the Secretary may dispose of public land under current land use plans maintained under section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. if the State or unit of local government elects to obtain the land, the Secretary shall retain the land for conveyance to the State or unit of local government in accordance with that Act. if the State or unit of local government elects to obtain the land, the Secretary shall retain the land for conveyance to the State or the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture may acquire environmentally sensitive land under this section only from willing sellers. he or he may acquire environmentally sensitive land under this section. he or he may acquire environmentally sensitive land only from willing sellers. appropriations to the Special Account shall be available to the Secretary until expended to pay subject to paragraph (2), costs incurred by the Bureau of Land Management in arranging sales or exchanges under this Act. limitations. Costs in arranging sales or exchanges. appropriations to the Special Account shall be available to the Secretary until expended, without further Act of appropriation. a biennal report will be submitted to the committee on energy and natural resources of the Senate. it will also be submitted to the committee on resources of the house of representatives. a report will also be submitted to the committee on energy and natural resources."
1024,"<pad> summarize: if a qualified family farm interest is disposed of, or otherwise ceases to be a qualified family farm interest. if a member of the taxpayer's family is a member of the taxpayer's family a qualified family farm interest relates. if a qualified family farm interest is disposed of or otherwise ceases to participate in the operation of the farming business. if a qualified family farm interest is disposed of, the"
1025,"<pad> summarize: ANNUAL MEDICARE BENEFICIARY PART A CONTRIBUTIONS AND BENEFITS STATEMENTS is amended. Section 1143 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 1143A. (a) Provision"""
1026,"<pad> summarize: if detained or incarcerated, juveniles should be housed in institutions or facilities separate from adult facilities until their eighteenth birthday. if detained or incarcerated under the jurisdiction of an adult criminal court should be provided access to programs that address their educational, substance abuse treatment, health, mental health, and vocational needs. if detained or incarcerated under the jurisdiction of an adult criminal court should be provided access to programs that the purpose of this Act is to provide incentives and funding assistance for states to reduce dangerous and unsafe conditions in the detention and incarceration of juvenile offenders under the jurisdiction of an adult criminal court. PURPOSE. this Act is to provide incentives and funding assistance for States to reduce dangerous and unsafe conditions in the detention and incarceration of juvenile offenders under the jurisdiction of an adult criminal court.juvenile grants may be made to states, units of local government and Indian tribes. applicants must submit applications for grants under this title. if approved, they must be equitably allocated among principal geographic regions."
1027,"<pad> summarize: a qualifying provider may not discriminate against a qualifying provider. a qualifying provider may not refund or provide a rebate if fraud is detected. a qualifying provider may offer a single sex school, class, or activity. ""eligible child"" means a child who is enrolling in a public school. or was enrolled in a public school during the previous academic year. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given in section 8101. the term ""institution of higher education"" means an entity that is a public school."
1028,"<pad> summarize: the table of contents for this Act is as follows.....................short title title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. table of contents. Table of contents. Definitions........................ Establishment of Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve. escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve is based in san francisco. escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve is based in san francisco.Withdrawals.com...com.. withdrawals.com.. withdrawals.com.. withdrawals.com.. withdrawals.com.map and legal description.. map and legal description. map and legal description. map and legal description. map and legal description. map and legal description. map and legal description. map and legal description.Grand Staircase National Monument.......................Kaiparowits National Monument is a national monument. it is ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked.Escalante Canyons National Monument is a national monument. it is ranked as one of the highest in the world. it is ranked the highest in the world. it is ranked the highest in the world. it is ranked the highest in the world. Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve, Grand Staircase National Monument, Kaiparowits National Monument and Escalante Canyons National Monument Management Council.......federal land manager adherence abides. land manager abides. he will be able to manage the land if he can. abides. abides. abides. abides.clarification.. clarification.. clarification.. clarification.. clarification.. clarification. clarification. clarification. clarification. clarification. clarification.restoration of land status.......................Hole in the Rock Road.. Hole in the Rock Road.. Hole in the Rock Road.. Hole in the Rock Road.. Hole in the Rock Road..effect on proclamations. proclamations based on proclamations. proclamations based on proclamations. proclamations based on proclamations. proclamations based on proclamations.the term ""Management Council"" means the council established under section 10. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""Management Council"" means the council established under section 10.the ""Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve"" is established within the Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve in the state of Utah. the boundaries of the ""Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve"" are as generally depicted on the map entitled """", numbered, and dated.federal land within Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve is withdrawn from entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws. a federal land within the Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve is withdrawn from entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws. enactment of this Act requires the Secretary to submit a map and legal description of the Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve. force and effect may be made if changes are made to the state of Utah, Garfield and Kane Counties in Utah.211,983 acres of federal land are hereby established as the ""Grand Staircase National Monument"" a map and legal description must be submitted to the House of Representatives and the Senate. the map and legal description must have the same force and effect as if included in this title. kaiparowits National Monument is designated as the ""Kaiparowits National Monument"" a map and legal description must be submitted to the House of Representatives and the Senate. the map and legal description must have the same force and effect as if included in this title. 243,241 acres of federal land are hereby established as the ""Escalante Canyons National Monument"" a map and legal description must be submitted to the House of Representatives and the Senate. clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description must be corrected. clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description must be corrected. the Management Council shall develop and implement the comprehensive management plans for the Escalante Canyons National Park and Preserve. the management Council shall be composed of 7 members appointed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act as follows. members appointed under subsection (c)(2) and (3) shall serve without pay, except for reasonable travel expenses. FEDERAL LAND MANAGER ADHERENCE will adhere to the management plans created by the Management Council. fda must adhere to the management plans created by the Management Council. fda must adhere to the management plans created by the management council. this act does not affect the jurisdiction of the state of Utah. the state of Utah is not responsible for the management of fish, wildlife and predators. the state of Utah is not responsible for the management of fish, wildlife and predators.public lands excluded from the monument reservation under Presidential Proclamation, dated December 4, 2017, shall be open to: entry, location, selection, sale or other disposition under the public land laws. disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. and location, entry, and patent under the mining laws.HOLE IN THE ROCK ROAD will convey to the state of Utah all right, title and interest of the United States in and to the Hole in the Rock Road. the Secretary will convey to the state of Utah all right, title and interest of the United States in and to the Hole in the Rock Road. Presidential Proclamation 6920, dated September 18, 1996, and Presidential Proclamation dated December 4, 2017 are hereby declared null and void. any provision that is inconsistent with this Act is hereby declared null and void."
1029,"<pad> summarize:.........................the amendment made by this subsection shall take effect 180 days after the enactment of this Act. if the Secretary receives a certification by a State agency, the Secretary of State, or the Attorney General. if the Secretary receives a certificate, the Secretary may provide such certification to the Secretary of State and the Attorney General."
1030,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall establish a demonstration program under which the Secretary may make grants to state, local and tribal entities, and public or private non- profit organizations. the grant shall be used for the purposes of recruiting, assigning, training, and employing patient health advocates. the grant shall be deemed to be a violation of the civil rights act of 1964."
1031,"<pad> summarize: federal trade commission promulgates any rules necessary for enforcement of this section. a violation of subsection (a) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice. a violation of subsection (a) is punishable in the case of a wholesale sale in violation of subsection (a), by a fine of not more than $150,000,000, imprisonment for not more than 2 years, or both."
1032,"<pad> summarize: military relief societies have provided essential support for military members facing economic hardships. the numbers and needs of service members far exceed the resources available to these military relief societies. a tax check-off on their annual Federal tax return devoted to emergency relief for members of the Armed Forces and their families. a designation under paragraph may be made with respect to any taxable year only at the time of filing the return of the tax imposed by chapter 1 for such taxable year. such designation shall be made in such manner as the Secretary prescribes by regulations except that such designation shall be made on the first page of the return in the area below the designation for income tax payments to the Presidential Election Campaign Fund. Section 62(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating paragraph 20. paragraph (21) is attributable to contributions to the Armed Forces Relief Trust not in excess of $1,000. section 170 is attributable to contributions to the Armed Forces Relief Trust not in excess of $1,000.any contribution made by any of the societies associated with the Armed Forces Relief Trust shall not be commingled with any charitable contribution made to the Trust Fund for which a deduction under section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is allowable. a deduction under section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is allowed. one individual appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate. one individual appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. one individual appointed by the Chairman of the Joint Committee on Taxation.the amendments made by this Act shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. the amendments shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. the amendments will apply if you are a resident. "
1033,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of education may award grants on a competitive basis to local educational agencies. grants awarded pursuant to this section shall be for not less than $10,000,000. grantee will enter into a contract with an institution of higher education or another nonprofit educational provider. in general, the term 'eligible teacher' means any individual who, at the time the expense is paid or incurred, is a full-time teacher for any of grades K-12 in the united states. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply to any taxable year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Clause (ii) of section 170(e)(6)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""date"" the first place it appears and all that follows and inserting: ""date the taxpayer acquired or reacquired the property,"" after ""the donor"". the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act.CREDIT FOR COMPUTER DONATIONS TO SCHOOLS AND PUBLIC LIBRARIES is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 45E. Credit for computer donations to schools and public libraries"" for purposes of section 38, the school and public library computer donation credit determined under this section is an amount equal to 30 percent of the qualified computer contributions made during the taxable year. if a qualified computer contribution has not been law"
1034,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of education shall establish the Higher Education Regulatory Reform Task Force. not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit to Congress and make available on a publicly available website a report required. a list of rules determined to be outmoded, duplicative, ineffective, or excessively burdensome. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. consideration in the senate shall not be in order if a motion to proceed is agreed to. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the draft bill is disposed of shall not be in order. Section 487A(b)(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subparagraph (B) by inserting ""other than for purposes of an experiment described in subparagraph (C)"" after ""results of the experiment"" "
1035,<pad> summarize: a tax on over-the-counter derivatives shall be imposed on each covered derivative transaction. the rate of such tax shall be equal to 0.25 percent of the fair market value of the underlying property with respect to the notional principal amount of the derivative financial instrument involved in such transaction. if the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be collected on the basis of an annual return.
1036,"<pad> summarize: section 524 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by inserting ""and section 513"" after section 505. despite the dramatic increase in the Hispanic population in the united states, one in four Americans will be of Hispanic origin."
1037,"<pad> summarize: Section 604 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""Sums"" and inserting ""subject to subsection (d), sums"" a State that receives grant payments under this title shall deposit all such payments in the water pollution control revolving fund established by the State in accordance with this title. a state shall be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State submits an application"
1038,"<pad> summarize: Approximately one-third of the nation's new teachers leave the teaching profession during their first 3 years of teaching. nearly one-half leave during their first 5 years of teaching. turnover is highest in low-income schools, where the turnover rate is almost one-third higher.the secretary may not award a grant to a local educational agency unless the agency agrees to use the grant to establish or implement a teacher mentoring program that will establish and implement minimum qualifications for mentors. the secretary may not award a grant under section 2371 to a local educational agency unless the agency agrees to use the grant to establish or implement a teacher mentoring program that will establish and implement minimum qualifications for mentors. the secretary of education shall"
1039,"<pad> summarize: approximately $140,000,000,000 per year is being spent on environmental compliance. unfunded federal environmental mandates are straining the budgets of state and local governments and may diminish the financial resources available for other important public programs and services. an environmental risk assessment developed by the Environmental Protection Agency is often perceived as not containing sufficient scientific objectivity, absence of bias, clarity, or consistency.RISK ASSESSMENT PRINCIPLES are outlined in this Act. eu administrator develops rules, proposed rules, and review procedures. significant uncertainties regarding facts, scientific knowledge, the validity of analytical techniques, or numerical risk estimates are clearly disclosed.the Administrator shall issue, in accordance with section 3, proposed rules to govern use of a distinctive type of risk assessment approach, technique, or methodology. the rules shall specify the minimum standard for a risk assessment approach that is appropriate for the scale of the problem to be assessed, the level of scientific understanding, and the available data. the rules shall specify the minimum standard for a risk assessment approach that is appropriate for the scale of the problem to be assessed, the level of review procedures are issued in accordance with section 3. if the risk assessment is inconsistent with the principles set forth in section 3. if the risk assessment does not take into account significant new scientific data or scientific understanding. if the risk assessment does not take into account significant new scientific data or scientific understanding. if the risk assessment does not take into account significant new scientific data or scientific understanding. not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a list of risk assessment approaches, techniques, or methodologies for which a rule shall be issued under subsection (b) a list of risk assessment approaches, techniques, or methodologies for which a rule shall be issued under subsection (b), after taking into account comments by the public, Federal agencies, States, municipalities, experts in the scientific community. this Act does not give rise to a private right of action seeking damages against the united states or an agency or instrumentality of the united states. a private right of action seeks damages against the united states or an agency or instrumentality of the united states."
1040,"<pad> summarize: over 600 coal mines have shuttered since president Obama's inauguration. more than 25 coal mining companies have filed for bankruptcy. the total number of operating coal mines has hit its lowest point on record. a 4-month extension in health care benefits for orphaned retired miners and their dependents. a beneficiary enrolled in the Plan as of the date of the enactment of the HELP for Coal Miners Health Care Act of 2017 shall be deemed to have been eligible to receive health benefits under the Plan on January 1, 2017. a bankruptcy proceeding commenced in 2012 or 2015 resulting in a bankruptcy proceeding. a requirement for transfer shall be reduced by any amount transferred for a fiscal year to the Plan. Section 9704 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (d) and by redesignating subsections (e) through (i) as subsections (d) through (i), respectively. subsection (d) of section 9704 of such Code, as so redesignated, is amended by striking ""3 separate accounts for each of the premiums described in subsections (b), (c) and (i). paragraph (3) of section 97 sen. ed mcconnell: congress should work with the administration to repeal onerous regulations. support economic growth in Appalachia by promoting growth-oriented economic development efforts. mcconnell: sen. mcconnell: sen. mcconnell: sen. mcconnell: sen. mcconnell: sen. mccon"
1041,"<pad> summarize: enumerated in article IV, section 3 of the united states constitution enumerated. enumerated in article I, section 8 of the constitution enumerated. enumerated in article I, section 8.if an applicant, or prospective applicant, for Federal authorization related to an electricity transmission or distribution facility so requests, the Department of Energy (DOE) shall act as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all applicable Federal authorization and related environmental review of the facility. if an application has been submitted with such data as the Secretary deems necessary, all permit decisions and related environmental reviews shall be completed within 1 year. if an application has been submitted with such data as"
1042,"<pad> summarize: Section 201 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is amended by inserting ""sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,"" before ""or national origin"" section 202 of such Act is amended by inserting ""stadium,"" before ""or national origin"" the term 'gender identity' includes the race, color, religion, sex, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity."
1043,"<pad> summarize: a grant recipient under this subsection may be eligible schools. he may provide funding for projects that include innovative approaches to aggregation, processing, transportation, and distribution. he may award grants under this subsection if grant funds would be used solely for the purpose of carrying out a conference."
1044,"<pad> summarize: a person is not required to furnish a record in response to a request made under paragraph (1). a person who receives a request for records under paragraph (1) shall furnish a copy of such records. a person who receives a request for records under paragraph (1) shall furnish a copy of such records.faa administrator issues notice of proposed rulemaking to establish minimum standards and criteria for preemployment screening tests. minimum standards and criteria for pilot training facilities which will be licensed by the Administrator. faa will assure that pilots trained at such facilities meet the preemployment screening standards and criteria described in paragraph (1). the administrator of the faa will conduct a study to determine the relevance and appropriateness of requiring the Secretary of Defense to provide to an air carrier records relating to an individual as a pilot. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit to Congress a report on the results of the study. study will determine if current minimum flight time requirements are sufficient to ensure public safety. report will be sent to congress not later than 1 year after date of enactment of this Act. passed the house of representatives July 22, 1996. "
1045,<pad> summarize: reexports of goods or technology referred to in subparagraph (b) may be made to any country the government has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. reexports referred to in subparagraph (b) are of any goods or technology the export of which is controlled under this Act pursuant to this Act. reexports are of any goods or technology the export of which is controlled under this Act
1046,"<pad> summarize: nearly 7,000 HIV-infected women give birth each year. as many as 400 babies continue to be born with HIV infection each year. perinatal transmission is the leading cause of pediatric HIV infections, including AIDS cases. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN GRANTS is amended. ""for fiscal year 2004 and subsequent fiscal years, the Secretary shall not make a grant to a State under this part unless the State demonstrates that the law or regulations of the State are in accordance with the following. in the case of newborn infants who are born and whose biological mothers have not undergone prenatal testing for HIV disease, that each such infant undergo testing"
1047,"<pad> summarize: a federal grant is authorized to carry out this section. a grant may be used to fund terrorism and natural disaster preparedness programs. a grant may be used to fund terrorism and natural disaster preparedness efforts.enactment of this Act is pending on september 1, 2002. enactment of this Act is pending on september 1, 2002. the enactment of this Act is expected to take place on september 1, 2002."
1048,"<pad> summarize: a small business employee training credit is determined under section 45N(a) for the taxable year. the base amount is an amount equal to the average amount of qualified training expenses paid or incurred by the eligible small business employer with respect to all qualified employees.Section 1202 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""partial"" and inserting ""1(h)(10)"" the heading for section 1202 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Waiver where business purpose.section 179 is each amended by striking ""2008"" each place it appears and inserting ""2011"" b), c, and d are amended by striking ""2008"" each place it appears and inserting ""2011"". Section 9(f)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 638(f)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraphs through (C) and insert the following: not less than 2.5 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2006. ""(E) not less than 4.5 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2010 and each fiscal year thereafter,"" he says. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2005. "
1049,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: in 1989, the service listed the American burying beetle as an endangered species. kohn: burying beetle has grown dramatically from the population numbers in 1989. kohn: burying beetle has proven much more resilient than the service originally believed. kohn: burying beetle is a rare species, but burying beetle is the American burying beetle shall not be listed as a threatened or endangered species. burying beetle shall not be listed as a threatened or endangered species. burying beetle must not be listed as a threatened or endangered species."
1050,"<pad> summarize: the national forest system features over 158,000 miles of trails that provide world-class opportunities for hiking, horseback riding, hunting, mountain bicycling, motorized vehicles. federal budget limitations require solutions to trail maintenance issues that make more efficient use of existing resources. federal budget limitations require solutions that make more efficient use of existing resources.the term ""outfitter or guide"" means an individual, organization, or business who provides outfitting or guiding services. the term ""outfitter or guide"" means an individual, organization, or business who provides outfitting or guiding services, as defined in section 251.51 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations. a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in trail maintenance. the strategy required by subsection (a) shall augment and support the capabilities of Federal employees to carry out or contribute to trail maintenance. the strategy will address barriers to increased volunteerism and partnerships in trail maintenance. priority areas shall include a well-defined region on National Forest System land. the lack of trail maintenance has reduced access to public land. priority areas shall include a well-defined region on National Forest System land where the lack of trail maintenance has reduced access to public land.the Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement with any State, tribal, local governmental, and private entity to carry out this Act. a cooperative agreement authorized under this section may improve trail maintenance in a priority area, (2) implement the strategy, or advance trail maintenance in a manner deemed appropriate by the Secretary. a pilot program will be established within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. a pilot program will be set up on not less than 20 administrative units. a pilot program will offset all or part of the land use fee for an outfitting and guiding permit. "
1051,"<pad> summarize: section 309(h) of the Communications Act of 1934 is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof. a licensee shall annually make available free broadcast time for political advertising in accordance with the requirements of this subsection. a licensee shall allot an equal amount, but not less than 2 hours, of free broadcast time each even-numbered year to each qualified political candidate in a statewide or national election. a licensee section 611 of communications Act of 1934 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) a cable operator shall annually make available free cable time for political advertising in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Commission. such regulations shall require each such cable operator to provide such free cable time in the same amounts and manner, to the same eligible political candidates."
1052,"<pad> summarize: espionage complex at lourdes, Cuba, leases facility for an estimated $100,000,000 to $300,000,000 a year. it is reported to cover a 28 square- mile area with over 1,500 Russian engineers, technicians, and military personnel working at the base. experts familiar with the facility have reportedly confirmed that the base has multiple groups of tracking dishes and its own satellite system. the President shall not reschedule or forgive any outstanding bilateral debt owed to the United States by the Government of the Russian Federation. he shall instruct the United States representative to the Paris Club of official creditors to oppose rescheduling or forgiveness of any outstanding bilateral debt owed to the United States.enactment of this Act is enacted 30 days after the date of enactment. every 120 days until the President makes a certification under section 3. report detailing the actions taken by the government of the Russian Federation to terminate its presence and activities at the intelligence facility. "
1053,"<pad> summarize: there is a potential for drug companies owning patents on brand-name drugs to enter in private financial deals with generic drug companies. enhancing competition between generic drug manufacturers and brand name manufacturers can significantly reduce prescription drug costs to American families.PURPOSE: this Act provides timely notice to the department of justice and the federal Trade Commission. it deters pharmaceutical companies from engaging in anticompetitive actions or actions that tend to unfairly restrain trade. if you are a pharmaceutical company, you should be aware of this Act. the term ""agreement"" has the same meaning as in section 1 of the Clayton Act. ""antitrust laws"" have the same meaning as in section 1 of the Clayton Act. the term ""ANDA"" means an abbreviated new drug application.a brand name drug manufacturer and a generic drug manufacturer enter into an agreement relating to the sale or manufacture of a generic drug equivalent of a brand name drug that is manufactured by that brand name manufacturer. the agreement could limit the research, development, manufacture, marketing or selling of a generic drug product that could be approved for sale by the FDA pursuant to an ANDA. any notice, agreement, or other material required to be filed under section 5 shall be filed with the Attorney General and the Commission not later than 10 business days after the date the agreement is executed. a notice, agreement, or other material required to be filed under section 5 shall be filed with the Attorney General and the Commission not later than 10 business days after the date the agreement is executed.any person, or any officer, director, partner, agent, or partner thereof, who fails to comply with any provision of this Act shall be liable for a civil penalty of not more than $20,000 for each day during which such person is in violation of this Act. such penalty may be recovered in a civil action brought by the united states or brought by the Commission in accordance with the procedures established in section 16(a)(1) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. a notice of an agreement described in section 5 of title 5 of this Act may be required. a notice of an agreement described in section 5 of this Act may be in such form. a notice of an agreement may be necessary and appropriate. this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. it will take effect 90 days after the date of enactment."
1054,<pad> summarize: the Secretary may make a grant under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved agrees to conduct outreach services to inform women in the community involved of the fact that authorized services are available from the applicant. the Secretary may make a grant under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved agrees that the grant will not be expended for any purpose other than the purpose described in such subsection. a grant under subsection (a) may be made only if
1055,"<pad> summarize: the public works and economic development Act of 1965 provides targeted assistance. it provides planning assistance for projects that promote the redevelopment, restoration, and economic recovery of brownfield sites. the purpose of this Act is to provide targeted assistance, including planning assistance.section 3 of public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) through as paragraphs (2), (3), and (5) through (5). the term <unk> brownfield site' means a brownfield site. the term 'eco-industrial development' means development conducted in a manner in which businesses cooperate with each other and the local community to efficiently share resources. section 103 of the public Works and economic development Act of 1965 is amended by adding ""(a) Comprehensive Economic Development Strategies"" before ""the Secretary"" the Secretary shall coordinate activities relating to the redevelopment of brownfield sites. section 210 of the public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended. it is amended by striking sections 210 through 213 as sections 211 through 214, respectively. the secretary may make grants to alleviate or prevent conditions of excessive unemployment, underemployment.Title VII of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title VII. the table of contents in section 1(b of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title VII the following: ""Section 704. Authorization of appropriations for brownfield site redevelopment"" "
1056,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary may not make any payment with respect to a petition under this title unless the petition is filed within 5 years after the enactment of this Act. if the individual dies before filing a petition under this title, a survivor may file a petition for payment under this title."
1057,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings and purposes........................effective date.........................Severability. Severability. severability. severability. severability. severability. severability. severability. severability. severability. Definitions........................automatic stay.........................a temporary stay on litigation with respect to debt holders is essential. the debt is unusually complex, with eighteen different but inter-related issuers. a temporary stay on litigation is essential to facilitate an orderly process for stabilizing, evaluating, and comprehensively resolving the Commonwealth's fiscal crisis. this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take effect on january 1, 2014.the remainder of this Act or the application of that provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid is not affected thereby. the remainder of this Act, or the application of that provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, is not affected thereby. enactment of this Act precedes the date of issuance or incurrence of debt. the term ""Commonwealth government"" means the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. the term ""court"" means the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. enactment of this Act does not operate as a stay under subsection (a) of this section. if the party opposing relief from a stay, such stay is terminated pending the conclusion of the final hearing under subsection (a) of this section. the court may grant relief from a stay pending the conclusion of the final hearing under subsection (a) of this section."
1058,"<pad> summarize: there is an immediate need for comprehensive and coordinated emergency preparedness planning support for local educational agencies and districts nationwide. local educational agencies and districts historically have had limited roles in the emergency preparedness planning process administered by other agencies and districts. grants made under section 3 will enable local educational agencies and districts to take an active role in emergency planning and give them access to the broad range of skills and expertise. the secretary of homeland security may only award a grant under this section to a local educational agency or district located near a place under a high threat of terrorist attacks, natural disasters, or public health emergencies. grant amounts will not exceed $500,000 per local educational agency or district per fiscal year."
1059,"<pad> summarize: Section 1848(a)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-4(a)(4)), as added by section 13516(a) of OBRA-1993, is amended by adding at the end the following subparagraph. if a certified registered nurse anesthetist furnishes the anesthesia service, the fee schedule amount to be applied shall be equal to 50 percent of the fee schedule amount otherwise applicable under this section"
1060,"<pad> summarize: Title V of the national security Act of 1947 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ""reports on security clearances"" the president shall every four years conduct an audit of how the executive branch determines whether a security clearance is required for a particular position in the federal government. not later than february 1 of each year, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the security clearance process."
1061,<pad> summarize:.........................a retail electric supplier may submit renewable energy credits to the Secretary. a retail electric supplier may be eligible for a renewable energy credit. a retail electric supplier may not comply with subsection (a) unless it does not comply with subsection (a) for reasons outside of the supplier's reasonable control.
1062,"<pad> summarize: Section 212(n)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1182(n)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. if an alien is employed by an employer, it will not lay off or otherwise displace any United States worker. if an alien has a residence in a foreign country which he has no intention of abandoning. if an alien has a residence in a"
1063,"<pad> summarize: Section 1108 of the Social Security Act is amended in subsection (f), in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ""subsection (g)"" and inserting ""subsections (g) and (h)"" in subsection (g)(2), in the matter before subparagraph (A), by inserting ""and subsection (h)"" after ""paragraph (3)"". Section 1903(u) of such Act (42 USC. 1396c(u) section 402(b)(2) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 is amended. the amendments take effect on October 1, 2009, Act and apply to benefits and assistance provided on or after that date. if you are eligible for benefits, you can apply to a Medicaid exception."
1064,"<pad> summarize: section 11(c)(1) is amended by adding before the period. ""including reporting any injury, illness or unsafe condition"" obama has ruled that it would not be liable for any injury, illness or unsafe condition. section 11(c) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 USC. 660(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (2). the circumstances causing the employee's apprehension of serious injury or serious impairment of health must be of such a nature that a reasonable person would conclude that there is a danger of serious injury or serious impairment of health. obama's obama ruled that a violation of paragraph (1) or (2) has occurred. a petition for review must be filed within 60 days from the date on which the order was issued. a hearing under this subsection shall be deemed a final order and not be subject to judicial review. section 17(j) of Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 is amended. it is amended by inserting before the period the following: "", including the history of violation under section 11(c)"". if amended, it will be amended to include the history of violation under section 11(c)the amendments to this Act will take effect 90 days after enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 90 days after the date of enactment. "
1065,"<pad> summarize: Section 2 is amended by striking paragraphs (11), (13), (18) and (18). section 2 is amended by striking paragraphs (11), (13) and (18) iii. section 2 is amended by striking paragraphs (11), (13) and (18).Section 4(b)(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking. ""the Administrator determines, after consultation with the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior, that the acquisition of such leases is necessary for the long-term protection of the WIPP"" section 5 is repealed. section 5 is repealed. section 5 is rewritten. section 5 is repealed. section 5 is repealed. section 5 is repealed. section 5 is repealed. section 5 is repealed. Section 6 is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) in subsection (c) by striking ""(c) Limitations. "" and all that follows through ""(B) Study."" and redesignating subparagraphs (i), (ii), and (iii) as subsections, (b), and (c) respectively.Section 7(a) is amended by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph. the Secretary may receive transuranic waste from the Secretary. the waste is under the control of the Secretary on the date of enactment of this Act.Section 7(b) is amended by striking ""Requirements"" and inserting ""Requirement"" by striking ""the Secretary"" and all that follows. ""the Secretary may begin the disposal phase after the completion of the Administrator's review and certification"" that DOE's application reasonably addresses the final disposal standards"" in section 7, insert the following new subsections: Recommendations Regarding Disposal. within 3 years of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress comprehensive recommendations for the disposal of all transuranic waste under the control of the Secretary, including a timetable for such disposal. the recommendations shall provide for compliance with all agreements entered into by the Secretary regarding the disposal of transuranic waste stored at Department of Energy facilities. Section 8(d)(2) is amended to read as follows: Incremental submission of application for compliance. Section 8(d)(3) is repealed if the Administrator disapproves the final application. if the Secretary fails to adequately address long-term environmental and human-health related risks. section 8(g) is amended to read as follows. the Secretary shall determine whether or not engineered barriers will be required at WIPP to comply with regulations published as part 191 of 40 C. F. R. The Secretary shall determine whether or not engineered barriers, or both, will be required at WIPP to comply. section 9 is amended in subsection (a)(1). ""the Secretary shall not be required to comply with the requirements of 42 USC. 6924(d)"" in subsection (a) by striking ""In general. (1)"" and renumbering subparagraphs (A) through (H) as paragraphs (1) through (8) respectively, in subsection (a) by striking paragraphs (2)(3). DISPOSAL OF TRANSURANIC WASTE. Section 10 is amended to read as follows..............section 13 is amended by repealing subsection (a) and in subsection (b) by striking ""(b) management plan for the Withdrawal after decommissioning"" within 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the"" and inserting ""The"" Section 14 is amended by striking ""including all terms and conditions of the No-Migration Determination"" the Secretary is not obligated to comply with the requirements of 42 USC. 6924(d).section 15(a) is amended by striking ""to the Secretary for payments to the State $20,000,000 for each of the 15 fiscal years beginning with the fiscal year in which the transport of transuranic waste to WIPP is initiated"" section 15(a) is amended by adding ""an appropriation to the State shall be in addition to any appropriation for WIPP"""
1066,"<pad> summarize: more than 56,000 reuse and recycling establishments employ over 1.1 million people. recycling means business in the u.s., generating an annual payroll of nearly $37 billion a year. a national investment in the reuse and recycling industries is needed to preserve and expand reuse and recycling infrastructure.a taxpayer may elect for any taxable year to have this section not apply to any qualified reuse and recycling property specified by the taxpayer. if a credit is allowed under section 45N(a), the increase in the basis of such property shall be reduced by the amount of the credit so allowed. a taxpayer may elect for any taxable year to have this section not apply. a depreciation deduction is provided by section 167(a) for taxable year in which such property is placed in service. the term <unk> qualified reuse and recycling property' shall not include any property to which the alternative depreciation system under subsection (g) applies. if an eligible taxpayer begins manufacturing, constructing, or producing the property after December 31, 2005.the term'solid waste disposal facilities' means any facility used to perform a solid waste disposal function. for purposes of this subsection only, the term'solid waste disposal function' means the collection, separation, sorting, storage, treatment, disassembly, handling, or processing of solid waste in any manner designed to dispose of the solid waste. for purposes of this subsection only, the term'solid waste' does not include materials in domestic"
1067,"<pad> summarize: Section 480(a)(1)(B) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by striking ""may"" in both places it appears and inserting ""shall"" in both places it appears. if you have a question, you may ask a question.Section 401(b)(7)(C)(iv)(I) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. it is striking ""calendar year"" and inserting ""fiscal year"". if amended.Section 483 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subsection (a)(3), by adding at the end the following: Format. the Secretary shall make the electronic version of the forms under this paragraph available through a technology tool that can be used on mobile devices. such technology tool, at minimum, allows applicants to save data and submit their FAFSA to the Secretary through such tool."
1068,"<pad> summarize: the term ""fire hazard area"" means an area at significant risk from wildland fire. the term ""municipality at risk"" means a subdivision of a state that has adopted a national wildland fire code, standard, or ordinance. the under Secretary determines provide generally accepted levels of fire protection.under Secretary may reduce the share of non-Federal funds to 10 percent. if such municipality has adopted a national wildland fire code, standard, or ordinance. or local ordinance, standard, or code that requires the retrofit of existing construction that provides for increased protection for the municipality from the threat of wildfire, such as requirement to replace combustible roofing material used in existing structures. grants awarded under this section may be used as follows. to enforce requirements related to hazardous fuel reduction or brush clearing requirements. to carry out programs to educate community planners and zoning officials on historic wildfire patterns and fire-resistant community planning. maximum grant Amount. The amount of a grant awarded under this section may not exceed $1,000,000. Applications for grants under this section shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Under Secretary shall require.section 10A is amended in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). by inserting ""and the Secretary of the Interior"" after ""the Secretary"" and inserting ""state foresters, equivalent State officials, and local officials"" in subsection (b) in subsection (b) in subsection (b) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ""and"" at the end. in subsection (b), by inserting ""or the Secretary of the"
1069,<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue any regulations necessary to carry section 8(o)(21) of the United States Housing Act of 1937. a new section of section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. a public housing agency and the owner of a dwelling unit shall abate all of the assistance amounts under this subsection with respect to such property.
1070,"<pad> summarize: section 224 is amended by inserting ""or"" at the end of subsection (a)(5). the term 'excess contribution' means the sum of the aggregate amount paid during such taxable year by or on behalf of such individual. if such individual occupied any residence in the united states at any time during the taxable year, the limitation under subsection (a) shall not exceed $5,000. if such individual occupied any residence in the united states"
1071,"<pad> summarize: there is established within the national Science Foundation an Office of minority Serving Institution digital and wireless technology to carry out the provisions of this Act. the Office shall strengthen the national digital and wireless infrastructure by increasing national investment in telecommunications and technology infrastructure at eligible institutions. an eligible institution shall use a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. an eligible institution shall acquire equipment, instrumentation, networking capability, hardware and software, digital network technology, wireless technology, and infrastructure. to develop and provide educational services related to science, mathematics, engineering, or technology. to implement joint projects and consortia to provide education regarding technology in the classroom.an eligible institution must submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner accompanied by such information as the Director may reasonably require. the director shall establish an advisory council to advise the Director on the best approaches for involving eligible institutions in the activities described in section 3 and for reviewing and evaluating proposals submitted.the Director may not award a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement to an eligible institution under this Act unless such institution agrees that such institution will make available non-Federal contributions in an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by the Director. the director waives the matching requirement for any institution or consortium with no endowment, or an endowment that has a current dollar value lower than $50,000,000. an eligible institution that receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this Act exceeds $2,500,000 will not be eligible to receive another grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this Act. each grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded under this Act shall be made to, and administered by, an eligible institution, even when it is awarded for the implementation of a consortium or joint project. each institution that receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement shall provide an annual report to the Director on its use of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. the director, in consultation with the secretary of education, shall review the reports provided under subsection (a) each year and evaluate the program authorized by section 3 on the basis of those reports every 2 years. the director shall describe the activities undertaken by those institutions and shall assess the short-range and long-range ""eligible institution"" means a historically black college or university. the term ""eligible institution"" means the director of the National Science Foundation. the term ""Director"" means the director of the national science foundation. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Foundation $250,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2012. the director of the national science foundation is authorized to carry out this Act. "
1072,"<pad> summarize: the department of Housing and Urban Development has failed to implement a policy for renewing all expiring section 8 project-based contracts. the department of Housing and Urban Development has failed to make these funds available to preserve this housing as affordable, low-income housing. if no changes are made in the terms and conditions, more private owners will elect to not renew their contracts. if no changes are made in the terms and conditions, more private owners will elect to not renew the term ""assisted dwelling unit"" means any housing that consists of more than 4 dwelling units. the term ""assisted dwelling unit"" has the same meaning as in section 8(f) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 USC. 1437a(b)(2).the Secretary may renew a contract for assistance under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937. a contract for tenant-based assistance has been terminated or expired. a covered project may be refunded if there are no comparable properties in the same market area.Enhanced voucher assistance under section 8 of the united states Housing Act of 1937. if the assisted family elects to move from such covered project, subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall not apply. if the assisted family elects to move from such covered project, subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall not apply. if the assisted family elects to move from such covered project, subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall not apply the appraisals used to establish market rents under section 4(c) shall meet the standards and procedures of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice as published by the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Standards Foundation. in conjunction with the Appraisal Standards Foundation, the Secretary shall establish an Appraisal Clearinghouse. it shall be used to collect appraisal data and to develop model appraisal standards for use to establish the market value of multifamily housing the Secretary shall assign not less than 1 staff person to each Department of Housing and Urban Development Field Office that shall be responsible for evaluating the appraisals. each staff person shall have demonstrated competence to make appraisals and meet all licensing and certification requirements, as provided under applicable Federal or State law. the Secretary may contract with state or local housing finance agencies. he may determine the market rental rates of a covered project. he may also contract with a local housing finance agency. he may also contract with state or local housing finance agencies. Section 514(f)(3) of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 is amended by inserting after ""the capacity of tenant organizations"" for technical assistance for preserving properties whose owners may not renew their section 8 project-based contracts. covered projects with contracts under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 are not renewed under section 4. the Secretary sets procedures to facilitate the voluntary sale or transfer of those covered projects. notwithstanding section 8 that are not renewed under section 4 the Secretary shall establish procedures to facilitate the voluntary sale or transfer of those covered projects. not later than 1 year after enactment of this Act and semiannually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to Congress on the number of section 8 assisted units that have renewed, the number of section 8 assisted units that have not been renewed, and the costs associated with these activities. not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out this Act. enactment of this Act will be en vigueur january 1."
1073,"<pad> summarize: for over 90 percent of the population the combined tax on earned income is higher than the income tax rates of 15 percent and 28 percent that apply to unearned income. there is no logical reason why social security taxes should be imposed only on earnings and not on unearned income.a tax equal to 12 percent of the individual's social security taxable income for such taxable year. the term'social security taxable income' means adjusted gross income reduced by the greater of the sum of the standard deduction applicable to the taxpayer for the taxable year. a tax equal to 12 percent of such individual's social security taxable income for each taxable year. the table in section 3101(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the last item and inserting: ""1990 or any year before 2000........... 4.95 percent."" the table in section 3111(a) of such Code is amended by striking the last item and inserting: ""1990 or any year before 2000............ 4.95 percent."""
1074,"<pad> summarize: cigarette smoking continues to be the single most preventable cause of death and disability in the united states. tobacco products contain hazardous additives, gases, and other chemical constituents dangerous to health. the use of tobacco products costs the united states more than $50,000,000,000 in direct health care costs. the use of tobacco products costs more than $21,000,000,000 of these costs being paid by government funds. the term ""federal agency"" means an executive agency as defined in title 5. the term ""federal building"" means any building or other structure owned in whole or in part by the United States or any Federal agency. the term ""minor"" means an individual under the age of 18 years. enactment of this Act prohibits the sale of tobacco products in vending machines. regulations prohibit the distribution of free samples of tobacco products in or around any Federal building under the jurisdiction of the Administrator or such agency head. if such area also prohibits the presence of minors. if such area also prohibits the presence of minors. enactment of this Act is 90 days after the date of enactment. the Administrator of general services and each head of an agency shall prepare and submit a report. a detailed list of the location of all tobacco product vending machines. enactment of this Act enacted 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactments prohibit the sale of tobacco products in vending machines. prohibit the distribution of free samples of tobacco products in the Capitol Buildings. this Act does not restrict the authority of the Administrator of General Services or the head of an agency to limit tobacco product use in or around any Federal building. if a tobacco product is used in or around any Federal building, it may be construed as a restriction."
1075,"<pad> summarize: Section 41 of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the matter before the table. the item relating to the ninth circuit is striking ""thirteen"" and inserting ""fourteen"" in the table. between the last 2 items of the table, by inserting the following new item. table in section 44(a) of title 28, United States Code is amended. the item relating to the ninth circuit is struck. and inserting between the last 2 items at the end thereof the following new item.................................. 7.the table in section 48 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to the ninth circuit and inserting between the last 2 items at the end thereof the following new item. the table in section 48 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to the ninth circuit. each circuit judge in regular active service of the former ninth circuit is assigned as a circuit judge of the twelfth circuit. and is in Alaska, Idaho, Montana, Oregon or Washington is assigned as a circuit judge of the twelfth circuit. each judge who is a senior judge of the former ninth circuit may elect to be assigned to the new ninth circuit or to the twelfth circuit. he shall notify the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts of such election.the seniority of each judge who is assigned under section 5 of this Act. or who elects to be assigned under section 6 of this Act. will run from the date of commission of such judge as a judge of the former ninth circuit.the provisions of the following paragraphs of this section apply to any case in which an appeal or other proceeding has been filed with the former ninth circuit. if the matter has not been submitted for decision, further proceedings shall be had in the same manner and with the same effect as if this Act had not been enacted. petition for rehearing or a petition for rehearing en banc shall be treated in the same manner and with the for purposes of this Act, the term ""former ninth circuit"" means the ninth judicial circuit of the united states as in existence on the day before the effective date of this Act. ""twelfth circuit"" means the twelfth judicial circuit of the united states established by the amendment made by section 2(2) of this Act. the court of appeals for the ninth circuit shall cease to exist for administrative purposes on July 1, 1999. such court shall cease to exist for administrative purposes. if deemed necessary to carry out this Act, he may take administrative action. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1997. the amendments to this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1997.. the amendments to this Act shall become effective on October 1, 1997. "
1076,"<pad> summarize: section 257 of the National Housing Act is amended in section 257. it is added by section 1402 of Public Law 110-289, as section 259. the Secretary may not insure a mortgage if the mortgagor did not make any payment on account."
1077,"<pad> summarize: Section 8331 is amended by adding at the end the following. annuity computed for an employee retiring under section 8336(q) is reduced by 112 of 1 percent for each full month not in excess of 60 months. if the employee has had at least 5 years' service as an administrative law judge, the employee's annuity is computed with respect to such employee's military service not exceeding 5 years. if the employee Section 8401 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end. by adding ""administrative law judge' means an administrative law judge appointed under section 3105 or a similar prior provision of law"" section 8414(b) is amended in subsection (h)(2) by striking ""or air traffic controller,"" and inserting ""air traffic controller, or administrative law judge"" the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the effective date of this Act. Exception. Election for incumbents if appropriate written application is submitted to the Office of Personnel Management within 12 months after such effective date. an individual who makes an election under paragraph (1) shall be required to pay into the civil service retirement and disability fund an amount equal to the difference between the unrefunded individual contributions."
1078,"<pad> summarize: the term ""federal land"" means the Sahuarita parcel of land consisting of approximately 1,280 acres. the term ""non-federal land"" means the Empirita-Simonson parcel of land consisting of approximately 2,392 acres.if the landowner offers to convey to the Secretary title to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and convey to the landowner all, right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. the value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land shall be equal. if the values are not equal, the values shall be equalized in accordance with paragraph (3). the appraiser the 40-acre tract is leased by the Bureau of Land Management to the town of Elgin, Arizona, for a sanitary landfill. a sanitary landfill has been leased to the area. a sanitary landfill has been leased to the town of Elgin. the landowner shall convey to the landowner a parcel of land consisting of approximately 98 acres. the parcel is depicted on the map referred to in section 2(1) as ""land to be conveyed to Pima County"""
1079,"<pad> summarize: section 301 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in section 30102(a) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (11) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respectively. '(9) <unk> hacking' means the unauthorized access to electronic controls or driving data, either wirelessly or through wired connections. a person that violates this section is liable for a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation in accord cyber dashboard required under paragraph (1) informs consumers. users of motor vehicles are advised to display a 'cyber dashboard'. 'cyber dashboard' is a component of the label required to be affixed to each vehicle. PRIVACY STANDARDS FOR MOTOR VEHICLES are amended by inserting after section 26 the following: ""section 27. PRIVACY STANDARDS FOR MOTOR VEHICLES. in general. all motor vehicles manufactured for sale in the united states on or after the date that is 2 years after the date on which final regulations are prescribed pursuant to subsection (e) shall comply with the features required under subsections (b"
1080,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: heinous action followed ambiguous statement by military leader. avlon: abacha's arrest and conviction was preventing a return to civilian rule. avlon: u.s. should not condone the denial of democratic civilian rule. avlon: u.s. should be able to re-emphasis on despite the limited steps taken by the administration, more needs to be accomplished to encourage the restoration of fully democratic and civilian rule in Nigeria. despite the limited steps taken by the administration to demonstrate United States opposition to the annulment of the June 12, 1993, presidential election in Nigeria, more needs to be accomplished.the prohibition in subparagraph (a) shall take effect 45 days after enactment of this Act. the President shall immediately notify the Government of Nigeria of his intention to suspend the rights of any air carrier designated by the Government of Nigeria under any such air transport agreement. the president may waive any of the prohibitions contained in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). SENSE OF THE CONGRESS is the sense of the Congress that the United States should follow the precedent of the Federation of international football associations. the president should work with the Government of Australia prior to the opening of the 2000 Olympic Games to be held in Sydney, Australia. enactment of this Act is enacted every 6 months. a report is prepared and transmitted every 6 months thereafter. he will prepare and transmit to the congress a report. he will also submit a report on the extent to which Nigeria has progressed toward democracy.""international financial institutions"" includes the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the Mutual Investment Guarantee Agency, the African Development Bank, and the International Monetary Fund. the term ""national of the united states"" means a natural person who is a citizen of the United States or is an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the united states."
1081,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Definitions........................Establishment and administration of conservation incentive program. etablissement and administration of conservation incentive program. etablissement and administration of conservation incentive program. etablissement and administration of conservation incentive program.program priorities and coordination........................ operators are responsible if they are responsible. if they are responsible, they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible if they are responsible. responsibilities of secretary....................... Eligible lands. eligible lands. eligible lands. eligible lands.. eligible lands.. eligible lands.. eligible lands.. eligible lands. funding.......................... ""conservation practice"" means a practice or measure that is constructed. the term ""vegetative practice"" means a practice or measure used to protect soil, water, and related resources. the term ""vegetative practice"" means a practice or measure used to manage crops, livestock, nutrients, or pesticides. the term ""large confined livestock operation"" means a farm or ranch.conservation incentive program provides technical assistance and cost-sharing payments. confined livestock operators may not be eligible for cost-share on structural practices. the Secretary may terminate a contract under the conservation incentives program. the Secretary may request the services of a state water quality agency.the Secretary shall provide technical assistance, cost-share payments, and incentive payments to operators in a region, watershed, or conservation priority area based on the significance of the soil, water, and related natural resource problems in the region, watershed, or area. priorities: the Secretary shall coordinate the establishment of priorities within a State or multiple States for large interstate regions with other Federal and State programs.operator agrees to implement a program plan that describes conservation and environmental goals to be achieved through one or more conservation practices approved by the Secretary. (4) not to conduct any practices on the farm or ranch that would tend to defeat the purpose of the conservation incentives program. (4) on the violation of a term or condition of the contract at any time the operator has control of the land. the Secretary shall assist an operator in achieving the conservation and environmental goals of a program plan. he shall provide technical assistance in developing and implementing a program plan. he shall also provide technical assistance, cost-sharing payments, or incentive payments for developing and implementing conservation practices.agricultural land on which conservation practice shall be eligible for technical assistance, cost-sharing payments, or incentive payments under the conservation incentives program include agricultural land that the Secretary determines poses a serious threat to soil, water, or related resources. an area that is considered to be critical agricultural land on which either crop or livestock production is carried out. an area recommended by the state lead agency for protection of soil, water, and related resources ad designated by a Governor of funds will be limited to $100,000,000 for fiscal year 1996 and $300,000,000 for each fiscal years 1997 through 2005. not less than 50 percent of the funding level shall be for conservation practices relating to livestock production. limitation may be based on need and demand as expressed by conservation incentives program participants. "
1082,"<pad> summarize: the term'malt beverage' means ethyl alcohol, hydrated oxide of ethyl, spirits of wine, whisky, rum, brandy, gin, and other distilled spirits. it does not mean incidental or trace ingredients. the term 'drink' is a serving of a malt beverage, wine, or distilled spirit which contains.6 ounces of alcohol by volume. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $500,000 for fiscal year 1996 and each succeeding fiscal year to establish and operate the toll-free number referred to in section 403(s)(1)(E) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. fda will submit a report within 90 days of enactment of this Act. he will evaluate the format of such information in terms of its legibility, placement and noticeability. he will make recommendations for improving such format. "
1083,"<pad> summarize: a researcher registered under this paragraph may submit a research protocol. the applicant may amend or supplement the research protocol if the applicant does not change the type of drug, the source of the drug, or the conditions under which the drug is stored. if the applicant does not change the type of drug, the source of the drug, or otherwise increase the risk of diversion. if the Attorney General does not object during the 30-day period following a notification under the Attorney General shall register an applicant to manufacture or distribute marijuana on behalf of the Federal Government. the marijuana is intended to be used exclusively for legitimate research and scientific uses. the Attorney General shall not impose a limit on the number of applicants eligible to be registered under paragraph (1) or (2). the national Institute for drug abuse shall develop and publish recommendations for good manufacturing practices for growing and producing marijuana. not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the national Institute for drug abuse shall develop and publish recommendations for good manufacturing practices for growing and producing marijuana.section 306(e) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 826(e)) is amended in the third sentence. it ""exceeds the aggregate quotas of all registrants under this section"" and ""should be increased to meet the changing medical, scientific, and industrial needs""interdisciplinary review process may not be reinstated. a researcher conducting nonhuman research is not federally funded. a researcher conducting nonhuman research is not federally financed. a researcher conducting nonhuman research is not federally funded. "
1084,"<pad> summarize: u.s. government funds major portion of all academic research. u.s. government funds universities and federal research laboratories. millions of people worldwide need antiretroviral drugs. u.s. health and safety advocates urge universities to adopt licensing practices.the term ""associated medical product,"" when used in relation to a subject invention, means all patent and marketing rights possessed by a current or former holder of title in that invention, or licensee of rights guaranteed by such title. the term ""drug"" has the meaning given such term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. the term ""medical device"" means any drug, treatment, prophylaxis, vaccine, a license under subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be irrevocable and perpetual so long as the licensee submits to the licensor payment of a fair royalty on sales of any associated medical product within 90 days of such sales. if the party or parties specified under subsection (a)(2)(A) objected to the license, the licensor or grantee may bring an action to enforce its right to a license of"
1085,"<pad> summarize: Section 202 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""and ending with the month in which he dies or with the first month in which such child dies or with the month he dies,"" in the matter following subparagraph (F) and inserting ""(E) or (I)"" Section 228 of such Act (42 USC. 402(b)(1)) is amended by Section 202(i) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 402(i)) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. the applicable dollar amount for any calendar year is $970. in each calendar year after 2005, the Commissioner of Social Security shall determine and publish the applicable dollar amount. the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1086,"<pad> summarize: congress finds sex offenders abducted, sexually assaulted, and murdered in 1994. since 2003, u.s. immigration and customs enforcement has made nearly 11,000 arrests. sex offender registration and notification act strengthens national standards. a jurisdiction so notified shall promptly inform the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General. such rules shall establish procedures to carry out subsection (a) in the light of the purposes of this Act. if an offender fails to report his or her travel to or from a foreign place as required by the International Megan's Law of 2007 shall be fined. sex offender registration and notification act requires foreign authorities to be notified. foreign authorities to be given sufficient identifying information. sex offender registration and notification act is regulated by sex offender registration and notification.section 212(a)(2) is amended by adding at the end: Sex offenders. any alien convicted of, or who admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of a sex offense is inadmissible. section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 USC. 7107(b)(1)) is amended in subparagraph (C) by striking ""and"" at the end, (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) the president is strongly encouraged to exercise the authorities of section 134 of the foreign assistance act of 1961. the term ""sex offender"" has the meaning given the term for purposes of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act.sex offenders prosecuted and convicted for failing to report travel to or from a foreign place pursuant to section 3(a) of this Act. sex offenders prosecuted and convicted for failing to report travel to or from a foreign place pursuant to section 3(a) of this Act. sex offenders prosecuted and convicted for failing to report travel to or from a foreign place pursuant to section to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2009 through 2013. if necessary, there will be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2009 through 2013. "
1087,"<pad> summarize: section 491 of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""482(a)(1)"" and inserting ""492(a)(1)"" Section 494(a)(2) of such Act is amended by striking ""482(a)(1)"" and inserting ""492(a)(1)"" Section 1115 of the social security act is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). in paragraph (1), by striking ""part A or D"" and inserting ""part A, B, D, or E"" in paragraph (2), by striking ""454"" and inserting ""422, 454, 471, 472, 473"" section 471(a) of the social security act (42 USC. 671(a)) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (17) and inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (17) provide that the State agency will require each individual who receives, at an institution of higher education, education or training in child welfare or a related field supported by funds from the State agency under this part or part B to enter into a Section 477 of the social security act is amended in subsection (a)(1), by striking the last sentence. in subsection (c), by striking ""in the case of"" and all that follows through ""1992, such"" and inserting ""Such"" the state agency shall disregard from the resources of the individual an amount of funds not exceeding an amount determined to be reasonable for the purpose of achieving self- sufficiency. if an individual has attained age 16 for foster care maintenance payments under this subpart, the agency shall disregard from the resources of the individual. if an individual has attained age 16 for foster care maintenance payments under this subpart, the state agency shall disregard from the resources of the individual an amount Section 102(e) of the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act of 1980 is repealed.. section 102(e) is repealed. section 102(e) is repealed.the amendments made by this Act shall become effective with respect to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1993. the amendments shall become effective with respect to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1993. the amendments shall become effective with respect to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1993."
1088,"<pad> summarize: the number of domestic passengers carried by United States air carriers has nearly tripled since 1978 - to over 660 million annually. the number is expected to grow to more than 1billion by 2010. in 2000, over 1 in 4 flights were delayed, canceled, or diverted affecting approximately 163 million passengers. in 2000, over 1 in 4 flights were delayed, canceled, or diverted. air carrier identifies flight status information on delays, cancellations, diversions. air carrier identifies flight status information as best available information relating to delays, cancellations, diversions. air carrier identifies a passenger as a passenger whose flight is oversold.the secretary of transportation shall establish a uniform check-in deadline. he shall require air carriers to disclose their policies on how those deadlines apply to passengers making connections. revise the department of transportation's method for calculating and reporting the rate of mishandled baggage for air carriers to reflect the reporting requirements of section 41722(h)the Secretary of Transportation will give priority to areas identified as needing improvement. inspector general of the department of transportation will consult with the inspector general. the secretary of transportation, in carrying out this Act and the provisions of section 41722 and 41723 of title 49, United States Code, shall consult with the inspector general of the department of transportation."
1089,"<pad> summarize: it is the purpose of this Act to intensify research that may result in improved understanding of or treatments for diseases and other adverse health conditions. promote research and human clinical trials using stem cells that are ethically obtained and show evidence of providing clinical benefit for human patients. and promote the derivation of pluripotent stem cell lines without the creation of human embryos for research purposes.section 492 of the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 409K. HUMAN STEM CELL RESEARCH AND THERAPY. In general. the Secretary shall conduct and support basic and applied research to develop techniques for the isolation, derivation, production, testing, and human clinical use of stem cells. if conducted using human cells, the Secretary shall issue final guidelines implementing subsection to ensure that"
1090,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. he is referred to as ""secretary"" in this Act. he is referred to as ""secretary""the term ""additional coverage"" has the meaning given the term in section 502(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 USC. 1502(b)). the term ""insurable commodity"" does not include livestock. ""noninsurable commodity"" means an eligible crop for which the producers on a farm are eligible to obtain assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996. the term ""disaster county"" means a county covered by a qualifying natural disaster declaration for calendar year 2004. the term ""qualifying natural disaster declaration"" means a natural disaster declared by the Secretary under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 USC. 1961(a))the Secretary shall use the funds, facilities, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this Act. such funds shall remain available to carry out this Act until expended. if expended, he will be able to carry out this Act. the Secretary may promulgate such regulations as are necessary to implement this Act. Procedure. a statement of policy of the secretary of agriculture effective July 24, 1971. Congressional Review of Agency Rulemaking. a statement of policy of the Secretary of Agriculture effective July 24, 1971. "
1091,"<pad> summarize: dietary supplement experience may result in death or a congenital anomaly. a manufacturer of a dietary supplement may submit a report to the Secretary. a manufacturer of a dietary supplement may submit a report to the Secretary. a manufacturer of a dietary supplement may require a prospective surveillance period. section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end the following: STIMULANTS. the term <unk> stimulant' means a dietary ingredient that has a stimulant effect on the cardiovascular system or the central nervous system of a human by any means, including speeding metabolism. if a dietary supplement contains a stimulant, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove an application for pre Section 201(ff)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 USC. 321(ff)(1)) is amended by striking """" and inserting ""(other than tobacco or a product that bears or contains an anabolic steroid "". Controlled Substances Act. Definition of anabolic steroid. the term <unk> anabolic steroid' includes "". And by striking ""( Section 402(f)(1) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is struck. the matter follows subparagraph (D) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. if you have any questions, please call the fda on 08457 90 90 90 or click here for more information. "
1092,"<pad> summarize: Section 102 of the Act is amended in paragraph (1). it is amended in paragraph (1) by inserting ""and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts"" after ""State of Connecticut"" in paragraph (2). in paragraph (3), inserting ""New Haven,"" after ""Hartford"" section 103(a) of the Act is amended by inserting ""and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts"" after ""State of Connecticut"" it is the purpose of this title to provide assistance to the State of Connecticut and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. it is the purpose of this title to provide assistance to the State of Connecticut. Section 104 of the Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Administration. the management entity shall add the Governor of Connecticut and the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as voting members of its Board of Directors. the management entity shall provide the Governor with an annual report of its activities, programs, and projects. the management entity may not use Federal funds received under this Act to acquire real property. section 105 of the Act is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b), (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (a) by striking the first sentence and all that follows through ""Governor,"" and adding at the end: Grants and technical assistance. Section 106 of the Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""Governor"" each place it appears and inserting ""management entity"", (B) by striking ""preparation and"" and adding at the end: ""Such assistance shall include providing funds authorized under section 109 and technical assistance necessary to carry out this Act.""Section 107 of the Act is amended by striking ""Governor"" and inserting ""management entity"" section 107 of the Act is amended by striking ""Governor"" and inserting ""management entity"". if you are unsure, please contact the governing body. section 108 of the Act is amended in paragraph (1). in paragraph (5), by striking ""each of"" and all that follows. term <unk> management plan' means document approved by the governor of the state of Connecticut.section 109 of the Act is amended to read as follows. there is authorized to be appropriated under this title not more than $1,000,000 for any fiscal year. not more than a total of $10,000,000 may be appropriated for the Corridor under this title.long title of the Act is amended by striking ""service"" and inserting ""system"". heading for section 110 of the Act is amended by striking ""service"" and inserting ""system"" speaker of the House of Representatives. vice president of the united states. "
1093,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall coordinate and administer housing assistance. it is the policy of the united states that the Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be primary Federal agency responsible for coordinating and administering housing assistance in connection with a major disaster. Section 408(b) is amended by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3). fda has amended section 408 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act. fda has amended section 408 by adding at the end the following paragraphs: Consent of owner. if an individual or household doesn't provide consent under subparagraph (A), such individual or household shall remain eligible for any other assistance under this section."
1094,"<pad> summarize: section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (13) as paragraphs (2) through (14), respectively. section 30112(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the table of sections, by inserting after the item relating to section 30114 the following: ""30114A. Autocycles"""
1095,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 6402(e) of such Code, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by striking ""the State"" and inserting ""State or local governments"" paragraph (3) of section 6402(e) of such Code, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by striking ""the State"" and inserting ""state or local governments"""
1096,"<pad> summarize: department of defense may not determine a contractor to be responsible. if the entity to be awarded a covered contract has in place a ethics compliance program. internal reporting mechanisms, such as a hot-line, for contractor personnel to report suspected improper conduct among contractor personnel. deadline specified in subsection (a) is 30 days after the date of the award of the contract. enactment of this Act imposes a requirement for compliance with restrictions on personal financial interests. the term ""covered government contractor"" means any entity awarded a contract by a federal agency. the term ""covered government contractor"" means any executive department or independent establishment in the executive branch of the government."
1097,"<pad> summarize: pilot program is to establish a 4-year pilot program to identify second-stage small business concerns that have the capacity for significant business growth and job creation. the program is intended to identify second-stage small business concerns that have the capacity for significant business growth and job creation through the development of peer learning opportunities.the term ""Administrator"" has the meaning given that term in section 3301(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 7011(3)). ""community college"" means an entity that is eligible to receive funding under section 21 of the Small Business Act. the term ""historically black college"" has the meaning given that term in section 365(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 1061(2)). the Administrator shall establish and carry out a pilot program to make grants to eligible entities based on the merits of such plans. a grant under the pilot program shall be in an amount not less than $50,000. a grant under the pilot program shall be in an amount that does not exceed the product obtained by multiplying the amount made available for grants under the pilot program for the fiscal year for which the grant is made. the administrator shall promulgate final regulations to carry out this Act. regulations establish standards relating to the establishment and conduct of peer learning opportunities to be provided by grant recipients. requirements for transitioning peer learning opportunities funded under the pilot program to non-governmental funding. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2010. the Administrator shall carry out this Act using only amounts appropriated in advance for the purpose of carrying out this Act."
1098,"<pad> summarize: Section 1170 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""5 years"" each place it appears and inserting ""10 years"" it shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly export or otherwise transport from the United States any Native American cultural item obtained in violation of section 1170.the term ""Indian tribe"" has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act. the term ""Native Hawaiian organization"" has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act.it shall be the policy of the united states to encourage the voluntary return of tangible cultural heritage to Indian tribes and Native Hawaiian organizations. the individuals listed in subsection shall hold trainings and workshops for representatives of Indian tribes and Native Hawaiian organizations and collectors, dealers, and other individuals and non-Federal organizations. the individuals listed in subsection shall hold trainings and workshops for representatives of Indian tribes and Native Hawaiian organizations.TRIBAL WORKING GROUP convened under subsection (a) may provide recommendations regarding the return of tangible cultural heritage by collectors, dealers, and other individuals and non-Federal organizations that hold such tangible cultural heritage. the elimination of illegal commerce in tangible cultural heritage in the united states and foreign markets. and the repatriation to Indian tribes and Native Hawaiian organizations that have been illegally removed or trafficked in violation of federal law"
1099,"<pad> summarize: Section 29 of the Small Business Act is amended to read as follows. section 29 of the Small Business Act is amended to read as follows. a new section of the Small Business Act is amended to read as follows..the administration may provide financial assistance to private organizations to conduct five-year projects for the benefit of small business concerns owned and controlled by women. the administration may disburse up to 25 percent of each year's Federal share awarded to a recipient organization after notice of the award has been issued. if any recipient fails to obtain the required non-Federal contribution, it shall not be eligible thereafter for advance disbursements pursuant to paragraph (3)."
1100,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Establishment of Great Bend of the Gila National Monument, Arizona..................management of national monument. national monument. management of national monument. national monument. management of national monument. national monument. national monument. national monument. national monument. national monument. national monument. management plan. management plan....................... national monument is a monument used by taiwanese. a monument is a monument used by taiwanese taiwanese. taiwanese taiwanese taiwanese.off-road use of motorized and mechanized vehicles. mechanized vehicles are used by motorized and mechanized vehicles. motorized and mechanized vehicles are used in the off-roads..military airspace restrictions are not permitted. no airspace restrictions imposed by the military................. research, education, and visitor services.. research, education, and visitor services... research, education, and visitor services... research, education, and visitor services... fish and wildlife. femail reveals fish and wildlife. fish and femail. here. if you are a fisherman. click here for all the latest femail news.land acquisition......................... Withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. withdrawal. Withdrawal. Withdrawal.effect on existing facilities and rights-of-way....................water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights.. water rights. Advisory council. Advisory council...................... the national monument consists of approximately 84,296 acres of public lands and interests in land administered by the Secretary of the Interior through the Bureau of Land Management. minor adjustments may be made to the boundaries of the national monument to reflect the inclusion of significant archaeological resources discovered on public lands adjacent to the national monument. the Secretary of the Interior shall manage the national monument as part of the National Landscape Conservation System to allow only such uses as to further the purposes for which the national monument was established. in accordance with this Act and other laws generally applicable to the national monument, the Secretary of the Interior shall maintain the undeveloped character of the national monument to the maximum extent practicable. in general, the Secretary of the Interior shall conduct an inventory of invasive plant species in the national monument. management plan for the national monument must include transportation plan, travel restrictions and road closures. the management plan includes a transportation plan, including travel restrictions and road closures. enactment of this Act requires a management plan to address the actions necessary to protect resources described in section 2(b)(1).the secretary of the interior shall allow for the continued use of the national monument by members of Indian tribes for traditional ceremonies. the national monument under subsection (a) shall be subject to any terms and conditions the Secretary of the Interior determines to be necessary to further the purposes for which the national monument is established.motorized and mechanized vehicles are used only in the national monument. roads and trails designated for their use are limited. the national monument is a national monument site based on a national monument. the national monument is a national monument site. the national monument shall not be construed to impact or impose airspace restrictions on current or future military operations or missions. if the Armed Forces require additional or modified airspace, Congress does not intend for the establishment to impede the Secretary of Defense from petitioning the Federal Aviation Administration to change or expand restricted military airspace.the Secretary of the Interior shall provide minimal facilities within the national monument for education and interpretation. the national monument will be sited in a community in the vicinity of the national monument, rather than within the boundaries of the national monument. the Secretary of the Interior may conduct research regarding the effects of climate change on monument resources. nothing in this Act affects the jurisdiction of the State of Arizona. it affects the management of fish and wildlife on public lands in the state. if you are a fisherman, you may be able to use this information if you are a fisherman.lands acquired under the authority of subsection (a) shall automatically become part of the national monument. lands and interests in land acquired under the authority of subsection (a) shall automatically become part of the national monument. lands and interests in land acquired under the authority of subsection (a) shall automatically become part of the national monument. lands and interests in land acquired under the authority of subsection (a) shall automatically become part of the national monument. all federal land within the national monument is withdrawn from entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws. and operation of the mineral leasing, mineral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. this Act does not terminate or limit any valid right-of-way within the Monument. the monument is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act. the monument is enacted on thursday.the designation of the national monument does not imply or create a Federal reserved water right to the appropriable waters of the Gila River or any tributary thereto. the designation does not imply or create a Federal reserved water right to the appropriable waters.enactment of this Act entitles the Secretary to establish an advisory council. a subcommittee will advise on salt cedartamarisk removal within the monument. the Council shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act of 1976."
1101,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 101 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 is amended. the term <unk> covered active duty' means a member of the Armed Forces undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy. the term'veteran' has the meaning given the term in section 103 of title 38, united states Code."
1102,"<pad> summarize: the people's Republic of China comprises one-fifth of the world's population. despite increased economic linkages, bilateral relations have deteriorated significantly. the government continues to detain political prisoners. u.s.-based international trade regime aims to reassure china's neighbors. u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., u.s., the president shall report to the Congress within 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the actions taken by the united states in accordance with section 3 during the preceding 6-month period. such reports may be submitted in classified and unclassified form.the Congress lauds the brave men and women who have expressed their concerns to the government of the People's Republic of China in the form of petitions. the democracy movement as a whole is committed to the promotion of political, economic, and religious liberties.a detailed plan for the establishment and operation of Radio Free Asia will be submitted to the Congress. the plan will include a description of the manner in which Radio Free Asia would meet the funding limitations provided in subsection (4). a description of the numbers and qualifications of employees it proposes to hire. "
1103,<pad> summarize:......................... nebraska's death penalty is disproportionately visited on the poor. nebraska's death penalty is disproportionately imposed on racial and ethnic groups. nebraska's death penalty is disproportionately imposed on racial and ethnic groups. nebraska's death penalty is disproportionately imposed on prisoners.
1104,"<pad> summarize: INTERAGENCY PULMONARY HYPERTENSION COORDINATING COMMITTEE established. committee will coordinate all efforts within the department of health and human services concerning pulmonary hypertension. committee shall develop and annually update a summary of advances made in research on, and treatment and diagnosis of pulmonary hypertension. the secretary of health and human services prepares and submits a progress report. the report submitted under subsection (a) shall contain information on the incidence of pulmonary hypertension, including such incidence since the date of the enactment of this Act. information on the prevalence of pulmonary hypertension in children and adults."
1105,"<pad> summarize: public Law 101-549 established a number of measures and programs that address ozone and particulate matter pollution. most of the measures and programs are continuing or have yet to be implemented. changing the current national ambient air quality standard for ozone could nullify many of the ozone provisions in Public Law 101-549.independent panel of scientists with expertise on the health effects of air pollution aims to establish priorities for research on the health effects of particulate matter. epa administrator will report to congress the recommendations of the independent panel. epa administrator will be responsible for expenses incurred by the National Academy of Sciences in carrying out subsection (2)(A) a thorough review will be completed 4 years after enactment of this Act. a thorough review will be completed. or promulgate new criteria and standards. a review will also be made. a review will also be made. the Administrator may require state implementation plans to require ambient air quality monitoring for fine particulate matter pursuant to section 110(a)(2)(B) of the Clean Air Act. the Administrator shall make grants to States to carry out monitoring required under subsection (a)the national ambient air quality standards for ozone and particulate matter are reinstated. the standards will not be revised until completion of the scientific review under section 4. ozone and particulate matter were reinstated under section 109 of the Clean Air Act.the national institutes of health is directed to begin a research program. it will study the health effects of allergens on asthmatics. the program will focus on urban inner-city areas. a study will be carried out in the u.s. and u.s.there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out sections 1-6 of this Act $75,000,000 for each fiscal years 1998 through 2002. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 7 of this Act $25,000,000 for each fiscal years 1998 through 2002. "
1106,"<pad> summarize: more than 3,700 children and youth are infected with HIV each day. women account for more than a quarter of all new HIV infections in the u.s. women account for more than a quarter of all new HIV infections in the u.s. Section 2671 of the public health service act is amended in subsection (d)(1). it is amended by striking ""for"" and inserting ""coordinated, family-centered care, including"" and ""2005 through 2010"" in subsection (k)Section 2671(a) of the public health service act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following. the term 'youth with HIV' means individuals ages 13 through 24 infected through all modes of transmission including mother-to-child. Section 2604(b)(4) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 300ff-21(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: Data. in determining the amount of funds to use for services under paragraph (1), the state involved shall use HIV case data as soon as the use of such data is adopted for purposes of allocating any other funding authorized under this title. if such data is being used for allocating resources under this section 2671 of the public health service Act is amended by inserting ""including HIV vaccine research"" after ""linkages to research"" director of the national institutes of health submits a report to the committee on health, education, labor, and pensions. the report submitted under subsection (a) includes plans for expanding existing capacity for HIV vaccine candidate testing in relevant pediatric populations."
1107,"<pad> summarize: u.s. public and school libraries play a critical role in a child's early development. u.s. public and school libraries play a critical role in a child's early development. u.s. public and school libraries provide a wealth of books and other resources that can give every child a head start on life and learning. a state may make loans to local educational agencies and public libraries. a state may apply repayments of principal and interest on loans. a bank may make loans to a local educational agency or a public library. a state may expend not to exceed 2 percent of federal funds contributed.the term ""local educational agency"" means a public board of education or other public authority constituted within a State. the term includes an elementary or secondary school funded by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. such school does not have a student population that is smaller than the student population of the local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act."
1108,"<pad> summarize: the proliferation of nuclear weapons represents a risk to the national security of the United States. countries seeking new nuclear weapons capabilities require both technical expertise and nuclear weapons materials. progress on the Highly Enriched Uranium Agreement and on the Plutonium Disposition Agreement will enhance United States security against nuclear proliferation. loan is not eligible for guarantee under this section if proceeds are to be used for any purpose or activity under the Plutonium Disposition Agreement. a lender may, upon default of the Government of the Russian Federation, exercise the option described in subsection (e)(3). not more than $15,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Energy each fiscal fiscal year. not more than $15,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary. a total of $15,000,000 will be available for purposes of covering the expenses of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)there is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 2002 through 2005. there is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 2002 through 2005. there is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2002. amounts appropriated pursuant appropriations in subsections (a) and (b) shall remain available until expended. ""highly Enriched Uranium Agreement"" means agreement between the united states of America. ""nuclear nonproliferation treaty"" means treaty on the nonproliferation of nuclear weapons. ""Plutonium disposition agreement"" means agreement.authority to guarantee loans under this Act shall terminate on December 31, 2004. the termination of authority to guarantee loans shall not affect the validity of any guarantee made under this Act before that date. if you have any questions, please contact the secretary of energy on 020 555 111. "
1109,"<pad> summarize: a former member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is an individual who meets the following criteria. the individual is a former member of the Armed Forces, including the reserve components, who served in the active military, naval, or air service. a former member of the Armed Forces was discharged or released therefrom under a condition not honorable except dishonorable. section 5303A is amended by inserting after section 5303A the following new item relating to section 5303A. the table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5303A the following new item relating to section 5303A. "
1110,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> asbestos abatement services' means an individual who has demonstrated the minimum degree of appropriate technical knowledge and skills specific to radon abatement services. the term <unk> asbestos abatement services' shall not include any services to the extent such services are funded by any grant, contract, or otherwise by another person or any governmental agency. the term <unk> qualified radon abatement services' shall not"
1111,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered article"" does not include an unprocessed agricultural commodity that is readily identifiable as nonanimal in origin, such as a vegetable, grain, or nut. the term ""specified risk material"" means the skull, brain, trigeminal ganglia, eyes, tonsils, spinal cord, vertebral column, or dorsal root ganglia of cattle and bison 30 months of age and older. ruminant's exposure to BSE may lead to a neurological disease. ruminant's exposure may lead to a neurological disease. ruminant's exposure may lead to a neurological disease.a person subjected to enforcement action under this section shall have the opportunity for an informal hearing on the enforcement action as soon as practicable. the head of a federal agency may enforce this Act by seizing and destroying an article that is introduced into interstate or foreign commerce in violation of this Act. the head of a federal agency may enforce this Act by seizing and destroying an article that is introduced into interstate or foreign commerce in violation of this Act the secretary of agriculture will issue training standards to industry. in consultation with the secretary of agri, he will issue training standards for the removal of specified risk materials. he will also issue training standards to industry for the removal of specified risk materials.there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 to carry out this Act. if you are able to carry out this Act, you must be aware of this Act.This Act takes effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. this Act takes effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act enactment. "
1112,"<pad> summarize: a rent-to-own transaction is subject to a federal law. a seller may not take, receive, or assess any interest, finance charge, or other fees owed. a seller may not take, receive, or assess any interest, finance charge, or other fees. if a seller fails to comply with a requirement under section 1006, he will be liable."
1113,"<pad> summarize: section 603 of the Morris K. Udall Parkinson's Disease Research Act of 1977 is amended. section 409B of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2). director of NIH shall convene a coordinating and planning conference every 2 years. the director of NIH shall establish a review process with respect to applications."
1114,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION is established. there is established a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission to study employment and economic insecurity in the American Workforce. the commission will study employment and economic insecurity.commisions of commisions examine economic and psychological insecurity of workers. examine relationship between psychological stress caused by employment insecurity and economic insecurity. recommendations for legislation and administrative action to alleviate problems of economic and psychological insecurity. the Commission shall be composed of 17 members who shall be appointed as follows: 9 individuals appointed by the President. 2 individuals appointed by the Majority Leader of the House of Representatives. 2 individuals appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 2 individuals appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate. staff may be appointed subject to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. staff shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of title 51 and subchapter III of such title relating to classification and general Schedule pay rates. Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate to carry out this Act. the Commission may delegate to a member or agency any authority of the Commission under this subsection or subsection (e) or (h) report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations. report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Commission. the report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION shall terminate 30 days after submission. the Commission shall terminate 30 days after submitting the report required by section 7... the report required by section 7 shall be subjected.spending authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c) shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts. appropriations authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c) shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts."
1115,"<pad> summarize: the OSS was founded in 1932 by the u.s. military. the oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated oscar-nominated a gold medal of appropriate design in commemoration will be presented to the members of the Office of strategic services. the gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research.the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal.the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items."
1116,"<pad> summarize: LOAN GUARANTEES FOR MULTIFAMILY RENTAL HOUSING IN RURAL AREAS. a loan guaranteed under this section may be made to a nonprofit organization, an agency or political subdivision thereof, or a private entity. a loan guaranteed under this section may be made only if the loan is used for the development costs of housing and related facilities. a loan guaranteed under this section may be made to"
1117,"<pad> summarize: a minority serving institution may use a grant, cooperative agreement, or contract. an eligible institution may submit an application to the Under Secretary at such time. the under Secretary shall establish an advisory council to advise the Under Secretary on the best approaches. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS authorized to be appropriated to the Technology Administration of the Department of Commerce to carry out section 5(g) of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980."
1118,"<pad> summarize: grants will be used to develop solid waste prevention, reuse, and recycling tactics. capital investment in infrastructure to start or expand waste prevention, reuse, recycling, composting or product reuse programs. partnerships with local businesses interested in incorporating new technologies or processes to reduce or prevent waste in production or packaging. community outreach and public education programming, including programming to increase community knowledge of effective waste prevention, reuse, recycling, or composting. grant awards will be awarded to applicants that represent a range of existing waste prevention, reuse, recycling, and composting rates. applicants must set specific waste prevention, reuse, reuse, recycling, or composting goals that will bring communities closer to zero waste. additional weight may be given to applications of local governments or consortia that have statutorily committed to zero waste principles, (2) demonstrate job creation. grant awardees will report to the Administrator the results of their project and relevant data requested by the Administrator to track the grant program's impact. grant awardees will report to the Administrator the results of their project and relevant data requested by the Administrator. ANNUAL CONFERENCE will convene or co-convene an annual conference for current, past, and potential grantees, and other stakeholders, to learn from each other's experiences in moving toward a zero waste goal. the term ""recycling"" means extending the life of a product, packaging, or resources. the term does not include incineration. ""zero waste"" means designing and managing products and processes to avoid and eliminate the volume and toxicity of waste and materials. Administrator $100,000,000 authorized to be appropriated for the period encompassing fiscal years 2018 through 2023. a total of $100,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator $100,000,000. a total amount of $100,000,000 is required to be appropriated to the Administrator."
1119,"<pad> summarize: the united states remains the only global ""superpower"" a historic position of leadership allowing the Nation to establish new goals. the united states has established a center for Vaccine development at the national institutes of health. infectious disease is the number one global health challenge. ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""National Commission for the New National Goal: The Advancement of Global Health"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""National Commission for the New National Goal: The Advancement of Global Health""a national strategy for coordinating governmental, academic, public and private health care entities. the Commission shall address how the united states may assist in the global control of infectious diseases through the development of vaccines and the sharing of health research information on the internet.members of the Commission shall be composed of individuals of recognized standing and distinction. they shall include representatives of the public, private, and academic areas whose capacity is based on a special knowledge, such as computer sciences or the use of the Internet for medical conferencing. if a member was appointed to the Commission as a Member of Congress and the member ceases to be a Member of Congress, that member may continue as a member for not longer than the the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. the Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of services or property, both real and personal, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Commission.the final report will contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission. the final report shall contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission. the final report shall contain its recommendations for legislative, administrative, or other actions, as the Commission considers appropriate.TERMINATION: the Commission shall terminate 30 days after submitting its final report pursuant to section 7 of section 7. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION.this Act shall take effect 60 days after the date of its enactment. it will take effect 60 days after the date of its enactment. if enacted, the act will take effect on january 1. there are authorized to be appropriated not to exceed $1,000,000 for fiscal fiscal year 2002. there are authorized to be appropriated not to exceed $1,000,000 for fiscal fiscal year 2002. there are authorized to be appropriated not to exceed $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2002. any spending authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts. "
1120,"<pad> summarize: paragraph 12 of section 485(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. it is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting a semicolon. each institution of higher education participating in a program of study abroad approved for credit by the institution. a biennial review of the programs of study abroad approved for credit by the institution."
1121,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. this Act is to ensure the effective management of federal land. it protects from invasive species important natural resources, including soil, vegetation, archeological sites. and rare or unique habitats.. the term ""control,"" with respect to an invasive species, means eradication, suppression, or reduction of the population of the invasive species within the area in which the invasive species is present. the term ""ecosystem"" means the complex of a community of organisms and the environment of the organisms. the term ""ecosystem"" means the complex of a community of organisms and the environment of the organisms.each Secretary concerned shall plan and carry out activities on land directly managed by the Secretary concerned to control and manage invasive species to inhibit or reduce the populations of invasive species. each strategic plan under paragraph (1) shall be developed in coordination with affected eligible States, (ii) political subdivisions of eligible States, and federally recognized Indian tribes. in developing a strategic plan under this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall take into consideration the economic and ecological costs of action or inaction invasive species control and management is regulated by the federal insecticide, fungicide, and rodenticide Act. invasive species control and management is regulated by the federal insecticide, fungicide, and rodenticide Act. the Secretary concerned may use not more than 75 percent for on-the- ground control and management of invasive species.invasive species control or management project is categorically excluded. invasive species control or management project or activity referred to in paragraph (2) is categorically excluded from the requirement to prepare an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement.a memorandum of understanding under this subsection shall contain, at a minimum, the following: a prioritized listing of each invasive species to be controlled or managed. an estimate of the expected total acres or area infested by the invasive species after control and management of the invasive species is attempted. if a contract or cooperative agreement under subsection (a) involves any outreach or public awareness effort, the memorandum of understanding under each project and activity carried out pursuant to this Act shall be coordinated with affected local governments. each project and activity carried out pursuant to this Act shall be coordinated with affected local governments, in accordance with section 202(c)(9) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 USC. 1712(c)(9))."
1122,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible employer' means an eligible employer unless such employer provides paid family and medical leave. the term 'added employee' means an eligible employer. the policy provides all qualifying full-time employees with not less than 2 weeks of paid family and medical leave. the study examines the effectiveness of the tax credit for paid family and medical leave authorized under section 45S of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in terms of increasing access to paid family and medical leave among eligible employers. ii) increasing the generosity of existing paid family and medical leave policies among eligible employers. iii) providing recommendations for ways to modify or enhance the tax credit to further promote access to paid family and medical leave among qualifying employees.nonessential Vehicle Purchase is determined by the director of the Office of Management and Budget. the term ""Executive agency"" has the meaning given that term under section 105 of title 5, United States Code. the term ""Executive agency"" has the meaning given that term under section 105 of title 5, United States Code.all unobligated amounts are permanently rescinded. the rescission under subsection shall not apply to amounts designated by Congress as an emergency requirement. rescission under section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. rescission under section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) shall not apply to amounts that were designated"
1123,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established by the national Commission to Eliminate Waste in Government. there is a commission known as the National Commission to Eliminate Waste in Government. ESTABLISHMENT is based in syria. a private sector survey on management and cost control in the federal government will be carried out. it will be the duty of the Commission to conduct in-depth reviews of the operations of the executive agencies. a review of existing governmental and non-governmental recommendations for reducing waste includes recommendations from the president's private sector survey on cost control. not more than 6 members of the Commission shall be of the same political party. the members shall be appointed as follows: four individuals appointed by the President, not more than two from the same political party. one individual appointed by the minority leader of the house of representatives. a director will be appointed by the Chairperson of the Commission. he may appoint personnel as the Director considers appropriate. the director may appoint personnel as the Director considers appropriate. he may also appoint personnel as the Director considers appropriate. Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. delegation of authority may take any action authorized by this section. if authorized by the Commission, the head of the Federal agency shall furnish the information to the Commission.enactment of this Act requires periodic reports to the President and the Congress. final report sets forth the finding and conclusions of the Commission. a final report will be issued not later than the expiration of the 24-month period beginning on the date of enactment. the Commission shall terminate not later than the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Commission submits its final report under section 7(b). Section 9 FUNDING AND SUPPORT. it is to be funded, staffed and equipped, by the private sector without cost to the Federal Government. it is expected that the Secretary of Commerce will engage in a joint project with a nonprofit organization pursuant to the first section of Public Law 91-412"
1124,"<pad> summarize: the amendments to this Act will take effect on October 1, 2003 whichever occurs later. the amendments will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act whichever occurs later. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2003."
1125,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary is authorized to pay tuition assistance to each Service for School participant for each academic year during which such participant is in attendance at an eligible institution as an undergraduate. the authority to pay tuition assistance under this Act shall be effective for any fiscal year only to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts.eligible individuals shall file applications for tuition assistance under this Act. an individual shall be eligible to apply for tuition assistance under this Act if the individual is enrolled or accepted for enrollment in an educational program at an eligible institution, as defined in section 10 for which such institution awards an associate's or a bachelors' degree.the Secretary selects Service for School participants from the applications received from eligible individuals under section 4 priority. eligible individuals demonstrate the greatest financial need. the Secretary will give priority to those eligible individuals who demonstrate the greatest financial need. if eligible individuals demonstrate the greatest financial need they will be eligible to apply for PARTICIPANT SELECTION.service for School agreement shall require that any participant that receives tuition assistance under this Act shall complete one calendar year of full-time National service for each academic year during which the participant received the maximum amount of tuition assistance under section 7. include the amount of tuition assistance requested by the eligible individual for that academic year, not to exceed the maximum amount of tuition assistance received for such academic year, as determined by the Secretary. a Service for School participant may elect to receive less than the maximum amount of tuition assistance in exchange for a reduced requirement to perform National service. the tuition assistance provided to a Service for School participant under this Act shall be in the form of grants, remissions of expenses, or such other form as the Secretary considers appropriate. a Service for School participant may elect to receive less than the maximum amount of tuition assistance in exchange for a reduced requirement to perform the Secretary shall have the authority to collect amounts owed by a Service for School participant under section 6(a)(7). the Secretary may exercise the authorities conferred on the Secretary by sections 467 and 468 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. amounts collected under this subsection shall remain available to the Secretary for making tuition assistance payments under this Act during the succeeding fiscal year. the Secretary is authorized to issue regulations necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. he is authorized to issue any regulations necessary to verify completion by the participants of the terms of the Service for School agreement under section 6. he is authorized to issue such regulations as may be necessary.the term ""national service"" means service in the Armed Forces. the term ""eligible institution"" means an institution of higher education as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""eligible institution"" means an institution of higher education."
1126,"<pad> summarize: Section 45(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: alternative resources. the term 'alternative resources' means solar, biomass, incremental hydropower, and geothermal energy. the term 'incremental hydropower' means additional generating capacity achieved from increased efficiency, or additions of new capacity, at a licensed non-Federal hydroelectric project originally placed in service. Section 45(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end: Coordination with other credits. this section shall not apply to any qualified facility with respect to which the energy credit under section 48 is allowed for the taxable year unless the taxpayer elects to waive the application of such credit to such facility. a facility which is not in compliance with the applicable State and Federal pollution prevention, control, and permit requirements for any period of time shall"
1127,"<pad> summarize: reevaluation required by paragraph (1) includes confidential written analysis. if reevaluation is not rescinded, reaffirm the determination. reaffirmation under paragraph (1) shall require a vote of no fewer than 23 of the voting members. Section 113(h) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (USC. 5323(h)) is amended by striking ""subsection (d)(2)"" and inserting ""subsection (d)(4)"".. "
1128,"<pad> summarize: u.s. supplies more conventional weapons to developing countries than all other countries combined. u.s. supplies more conventional weapons to developing countries than all other countries combined. u.s. has emerged as the world's primary seller of conventional weapons. u.s. is in a position to seek multilateral restraints.this Act provides clear policy guidelines and congressional responsibility. PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to provide clear policy guidelines........... u.s. military assistance and arms transfers may not be provided to a foreign government unless the President certifies to the Congress that such government meets the following requirements. such government was chosen in free and fair elections and permits free and fair elections to take place. such government does not engage in gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, including extra judicial or arbitrary executions. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS should hold hearings on controversial certifications submitted under section 4(a) and all requests for exemptions submitted under section 4(c).. senate committee is urging the committee to hold hearings. ""military assistance and arms transfers"" mean assistance under chapter 2 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. assistance under chapter 5 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. transfer of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services licensed or approved for export under section 38 of that Act."
1129,"<pad> summarize: prohibition of trade and Certain Transactions Involving haiti. prohibition of trade and certain Transactions Involving haiti. prohibition of certain air transport. sanctions imposed by other nations. if the President determines that a foreign country is not cooperating.the congress strongly urges the president to take all available measures. a multinational border patrol between the Dominican Republic and Haiti will be fully equipped in terms of personnel and equipment to halt cross-border violations imposed by the united states and other countries. multilateral socioeconomic and peacekeeping assistance will be deployed between the Dominican Republic and Haiti.no officer or employee of the united states shall attempt to amend, reinterpret, or nullify the Governors Island Agreement. Subsection (a) shall not apply to the October 30, 1993, deadline for the return to power of the democratically-elected president of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide. TERMINATION OF BILATERAL MIGRANT INTERDICTION AGREEMENT. the President shall notify the Government of Haiti immediately. the agreement relates to migrant interdiction relating to migrant interdiction.if convicted of an aggravated felony, a national or habitual resident would not be a refugee. if convicted of an aggravated felony, such individual constitutes a danger to the community of the united states. if convicted of an aggravated felony, such individual constitutes a danger. designation under section 244A(b)(1) of the immigration and nationality Act is in effect. designation is in effect during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the President certifies to the Congress that the democratically-elected President of Haiti has been reinstated.an alien designated under subsection (b) shall be ineligible to receive any visa. an alien designated under this subsection shall be ineligible to receive any visa. an alien designated under subsection (b) shall be excluded from admission into the united states. the period of exclusion specified in this subsection begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. an alien designated under this subsection is any alien who is a national of Haiti. an alien designated under this subsection is any alien who is a member of the haitian military. an alien designated under this subsection is any alien who is or hereafter come within the possession or control of United States persons. he provides financial or other material support for, or directly participated in, terrorist acts against the Haitian people during any period after such coup."
1130,"<pad> summarize: more than one-third of children and adolescents are estimated to be overweight or obese. u.s. medical costs may total $270,000,000,000 annually. u.s. schools are already situated to reach 50,000,000 children and youth. u.s. military readiness is vulnerable as almost 30 percent of 17-24 year olds are too overweight. Section 9101(11) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended by striking ""and geography"" and inserting ""geography, physical education, and health education"" each State shall determine the most feasible measure for assessing students in health education and physical education. a program funded under this subpart may provide for 1 or more of the following. a program funded under this subpart may provide for 1 or more of the following. a program funded under this subpart may provide for 1 or more of the following. a program funded under this subpart may provide for 1 or more."
1131,"<pad> summarize: the Attorney General shall complete an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program based upon the information reported under subsection (d) of this section. not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall complete an interim evaluation assessing the nature and extent of the incidence of opioid abuse and illegal opioid distribution in the united states.the Secretary of health and human services shall complete an evaluation of any program administered by the Secretary that provides grants for the primary purpose of providing assistance in addressing problems pertaining to opioid abuse. not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete an interim evaluation assessing the nature and extent of the incidence of opioid abuse and illegal opioid distribution in the united states. if a program described under subsection (a) is subject to the term ""opioid"" has the meaning given in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act. the term ""opioid"" has the meaning given in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act. ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. no additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. no additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. if you have any questions, please contact us on 08457 90 90 90 or visit www.afc.org. Section 609Y of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""There is"" and inserting ""Except as provided in subsection (c), there is"" for fiscal year 2022, there is authorized to be appropriated $16,000,000, to provide federal law enforcement assistance in form of funds"""
1132,"<pad> summarize:......................... iraq's 'qualified educational loan' is defined as a qualified educational loan. the term 'qualified educational expenses' means qualified tuition and related expenses incurred during the first 48 months for which a payment is required to be made on the loan. if any amount as adjusted under clause (i) is not a multiple of $50, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50."
1133,"<pad> summarize: espionage complex at lourdes, Cuba, is leased for $100,000,000 to $300,000,000 a year. it is reported to cover a 28 square- mile area with over 1,500 Russian engineers, technicians, and military personnel working at the base. it has been reported that the predecessor regime had obtained sensitive information. the President may waive the application of subsection (1) with respect to rescheduling of outstanding bilateral debt if the President determines that such waiver is necessary to the national interests of the United States. if the President determines that such waiver is necessary to the national interests of the United States, the President will not reschedule or forgive any outstanding bilateral debt owed by the Government of the Russian Federation."
1134,"<pad> summarize: Section 9512 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Section 9512. INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL TRUST FUND."" there is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund consisting of such amounts as may be transferred or credited to the Trust Fund as provided in section 9503(c)(7) or section 9602(b). Expenditures From Trust Fund"
1135,<pad> summarize: fetal alcohol syndrome is known as fetal alcohol syndrome. the coordination committee is composed of directors of national research institutes and heads of other federal departments and agencies involved in research on fetal alcohol conditions. fetal alcohol syndrome is known as fetal alcohol effects.
1136,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible social security recipient' means a taxpayer who received a social security benefit. 'eligible social security recipient' means any nonresident alien individual. 'eligible social security recipient' means any individual with respect to whom a deduction under section 151 is allowable to another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which the individual's taxable year begins, and an estate or trust."
1137,"<pad> summarize: the actions of those who participated in the civil rights movement from the 1950's through the 1960's are a shining example of this principle in action. a coordinated federal project would also focus attention on the efforts undertaken by various public and private entities to collect and interpret articles relating to the civil rights movement.eric liu: a project to collect audio and video recordings of civil rights movements. liu: a project is intended to collect reminiscences of civil rights participants. liu: a project is intended to increase and complement efforts. liu: a project is intended to collect reminiscences of participants in the civil rights movement. the Librarian of Congress and the Secretary are encouraged to solicit and accept donations of funds and in-kind contributions to support activities under section 3. the funds contained in such account shall be used solely to support such activities. the Librarian of Congress may not deposit into such account any funds donated to the Librarian which are not donated for the exclusive purpose of supporting such activities. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $500,000 for fiscal year 2009. such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2013. passed the house of representatives September 17, 2008. attest:."
1138,"<pad> summarize:......................... n.c. gov. eric liu, sen. edward edward, sen. edward edward, edward edward, edward edward edward edward edward edward edward edward edward edward edward edward"
1139,"<pad> summarize: gestational diabetes, which can cause preeclampsia, increases pregnant woman's risk for developing the condition in subsequent pregnancies. ten percent of obese pregnant women are estimated to have gestational diabetes. the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a Research Advisory Committee. he shall develop a multisite, gestational diabetes research project. he shall act on scientific findings that the prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes is possible."
1140,"<pad> summarize: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is amended by adding at the end: ""exclusivity of powers and procedures"" Title VII of the civil rights act of 1964 is amended by adding at the end: ""exclusivity of powers and procedures"" such powers and procedures shall be the exclusive powers and procedures applicable unless after such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure"" the age discrimination in employment Act of 1967 is amended by redesignating sections 16 and 17 as sections 17 and 18 respectively. the amended section 15 inserts the following: ""exclusivity of powers and procedures"". the amended section 16 and 17 are sections 17 and 18, respectively.unless after such right or such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such right or such claim through arbitration or another procedure. such powers and procedures shall be the exclusive powers and procedures applicable to such right or such claim unless after such right or such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such right or such claim through arbitration or another procedure.Section 505 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 is amended by adding at the end the following. such procedures shall be the exclusive procedures applicable unless after such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. if such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. section 107 of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 is amended by adding at the end the following. such powers and procedures shall be the exclusive powers and procedures applicable to such claim unless after such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. Section 1977 of the Revised Statutes of the united states is amended by adding at the end the following. such procedures shall be the exclusive procedures applicable to a claim based on such right unless after such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 is amended by adding at the end the following. such powers and procedures shall be the exclusive procedures applicable unless after such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. if such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure. Title IV of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 is amended by adding at the end the following. ""Section 406. EXCLUSIVITY OF REMEDIES"" is amended by adding at the end the following. if such claim arises the claimant voluntarily enters into an agreement to resolve such claim through arbitration or another procedure.""section 14 of title 9 is amended by inserting ""(a)"" before ""This"" section 14 of title 9 of title 9 is amended. this chapter shall not apply with respect to a claim of unlawful discrimination in employment.the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to claims arising on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments to this Act shall apply with respect to claims arising on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1141,"<pad> summarize: section 1605 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: Jurisdictional Immunity for Certain Art Exhibition Activities. if a work is imported into the United States from any foreign state pursuant to an agreement that provides for the temporary exhibition or display of such work entered into between a foreign state that is the owner or custodian of such work. a determination under clause (iii) is necessary for the"
1142,<pad> summarize: the national Labor Relations Act is amended in section 1. it is hereby declared to be the policy of the united states to eliminate the causes. it is hereby declared to be the policy of the United States to mitigate the effects of such disruptions.
1143,"<pad> summarize: private prisoner transport companies can transport violent prisoners for days if not weeks. the transport process can last for days if not weeks. governmental entities may prefer to use fully trained and sworn law enforcement officers when transporting violent prisoners. if a government entity opts to use a private prisoner transport company to move violent prisoners then the company should be subject to regulation in order to enhance public safety.the term ""crime of violence"" has the same meaning as in section 924(c)(3) of title 18. the term ""private prisoner transport company"" means any entity, other than the united states, a State, or an inferior political subdivision of a State, or any attempt thereof. regulations promulgated under this Act include minimum standards for background checks and preemployment drug testing for potential employees. minimum standards for the length and type of training that employees must undergo before they can transport prisoners not to exceed 100 hours of preservice training focusing on the transportation of violent prisoners. minimum standards for the number of personnel that must supervise violent prisoners. restitution is imposed to any entity of the united states, of a State or of an inferior political subdivision of a State. restitution to any entity of the United States, of a State, or of an inferior political subdivision of a State. restitution to any entity of the United States, which expends funds for apprehending any violent prisoner who escapes from a prisoner transport company."
1144,"<pad> summarize: Section 4(e) of the federal power act is amended by striking ""several States, or upon"" and inserting ""several States, or upon"" section 4(e of the federal Power Act is amended by striking ""several States, or upon"" part I of the federal Power Act applies to transmission line facilities associated with the El Vado hydroelectric project. the facilities to which the exemption under subsection (a) applies are those located near the Rio Chama, a tributary of the Rio Grande, in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico.FERC EXTENSION OF COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUCTION DEADLINE FOR HYDROELECTRIC PROJECTS is amended. ""the period for the commencement of construction may be extended for not longer than ten years from the issuance date of the license when not incompatible with the public interest"" Section 6 of the federal power act is amended by adding at the end the following: Licenses may be revoked only for the reasons and in the manner prescribed under the provisions of this Act, and may be altered or surrendered only upon mutual agreement between the license and the Commission after thirty days' public notice. "
1145,<pad> summarize: Section 16(11) of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 is amended to read as follows. a trustee appointed under this subsection may not be appointed to serve as trustee or attorney. if the trustee determines that allocating customer property would be unfair and inequitable to a substantial segment of customers. amendments made by section 2 shall take effect with respect to a liquidation proceeding under the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 that was in progress on the date of the enactment of this Act. or is initiated after the date of the enactment of this Act.
1146,<pad> summarize: a qualified small employer pays at least 70 percent of qualified employee health insurance expenses. a qualifying small employer pays at least 70 percent of the cost of such coverage. a qualifying small employer pays at least 70 percent of the cost of such coverage.a state or a unit of local government establishes a health insurance purchasing pool. a grant equals the applicable percentage of the administrative costs associated with such pool. a state or a unit of local government may provide a grant under this section unless such unit of local government submits a certificate from the State in which such unit of local government is located.
1147,"<pad> summarize: Section 4081 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Temporary Reduction in Taxes on Gasoline, Diesel Fuel, Kerosene, and Special Fuels. each rate of tax referred to in paragraph (2) shall be reduced to zero. rates of tax referred to in this paragraph are the rates otherwise applicable under clauses (i) and (iii)if before the tax reduction date, tax has been imposed on any liquid. there shall be credited or refunded to the person who paid such tax an amount equal to the excess of the tax paid by the taxpayer over the amount of such tax imposed on such liquid if the taxable event occurred on the tax reduction date. no credit or refund shall be allowed or made under this section unless claim therefor is filed with the Secretary of the Treasury. liquid held on the floor stocks tax date by a person is liable if title thereto has passed to such person. tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. Exception for Fuel Held in Vehicle Tank. No tax shall be imposed by subsection (a) on any liquid held by any person exclusively for any use if the aggregate amount of gasoline held on such date does not exceed 4,000 consumers immediately receive the benefit of the reduction in taxes under this Act. transportation motor fuel producers and other dealers take such actions as necessary to reduce transportation motor fuels prices to reflect such reduction. Comptroller general of the united states shall conduct a study of the reduction of taxes under this Act to determine whether there has been a passthrough of such reduction. "
1148,"<pad> summarize:......................... subsection (a) of section 32 of such Code is amended to read as follows. if taxable year begins after 1996, each credit percentage will be increased by an amount equal to such percentage, multiplied by the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f) thereof. if any percentage after being increased under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of 0.01 percentage point, such percentage shall be rounded to the nearest 0.01 percentage point."
1149,"<pad> summarize: sen. ed mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin mccain's sen. martin section 327 of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the section heading by striking ""pilot,"" (2) in subsection (a)(1) by striking ""pilot"" the Secretary shall not require a State, as a condition of participation in this program, to forego project delivery methods otherwise permissible for highway projects. "
1150,"<pad> summarize: transportation security administration authorized to expedite security screening of passengers. transportation security administration opened the PreCheck program in 2012. a limited number of passengers who participated in frequent flyer programs of domestic air carriers were directed to special screening lanes for expedited security screening.the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall direct that access to expedited airport security screening be limited to only the following. a passenger voluntarily submits biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment. a passenger traveling pursuant to section 44903 of title 49, United States Code, section 44927 of such title.the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall report to the committee on homeland security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on commerce, science, and transportation of the Senate. he shall report to the committee on homeland security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on commerce, science, and transportation of the Senate on the percentage of all passengers provided expedited security screening. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing may be construed to authorize or direct the Administrator to reduce or limit the availability of expedited security screening at an airport. or limit the authority of the Administrator to use technologies and systems as a part of security screening operations. "
1151,"<pad> summarize: the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" means an educational institution that awards a degree or certificate and is located in any State. if the program is in a pre-accredited, probation, or show cause status, the institution discloses that its program does not necessarily satisfy out-of-State requirements."
1152,"<pad> summarize: section 415 of such Code is amended by adding immediately after paragraph (10) the following new paragraph: Special limitation rule for governmental plans. in the case of a governmental plan (as defined in section 414(d), subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) shall not apply."
1153,"<pad> summarize: section 1112(c) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended. each State plan shall describe the steps a State educational agency will take. the state agency will provide transportation to the school of origin. the state's coordinator for education of homeless children and youths will not serve a point of contact. 6311(b)(11) and 6312(c)(1)(P) of elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. report will be submitted to appropriate committees of Congress. the progress made and the remaining barriers.Section 725(2)(B)(i) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 USC. 11434a(2)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting ""or"" before ""are abandoned"" and by striking ""or are awaiting foster care placement"""
1154,"<pad> summarize: the conceptual framework of the federal budget has not been comprehensively reviewed for over 30 years. major changes have occurred in the scope of Federal activity, in the economy, in the use of the budget for fiscal policy purposes, and in information technology.ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL COMMISSION ON BUDGET CONCEPTS is established. there is established a commission to be known as the National Commission on budget concepts. the commission will be known as the national commission on budget concepts.members appointed to the Commission pursuant to subsection (a) shall have expertise and experience in the fields or disciplines related to the subject areas to be considered by the Commission. members appointed pursuant to subsection (13) shall have expertise and experience in the fields or disciplines related to the subject areas to be considered by the Commission. executive director appoints experts and consultants without regard to political affiliation. the head of any agency, office, or establishment within the Executive or Legislative Branches of the United States Government shall provide, without reimbursement, such technical assistance as the Commission determines is necessary to carry out its duties. Upon the request of the Commission, the head of any agency, office, or establishment within the Executive or Legislative Branches of the United States the commission shall review the 1967 Report of the President's Commission on Budget Concepts. he shall review the 1967 report and assess the implementation of the recommendations. he shall identify and evaluate structure, concepts, classifications, and bases of accounting of the federal budget. not later than February 28, 2003, the Commission shall submit a report to the President and the Congress with recommendations for modifications to the current structure, concepts, classifications, and bases of accounting of the Federal budget. a detailed explanation of the basis of those recommendations and conclusions shall be included in the report. TERMINATION. 30 days after submission of report required in section 7. the Commission shall terminate 30 days after submission date.. the report required in section 7.. TERMINATION. TERMINATIONthere are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. sums so appropriated shall remain available until expended. if expended.. expended.. expended.Commission shall not be considered constituted to conduct business unless the earlier of the appointment of all appointed members or two months after the date of enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will not be considered constituted to conduct business. "
1155,"<pad> summarize: Section 201(d) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 401(d)) is amended by inserting ""(1)"" after ""(d)"" the amendments apply with respect to annual surpluses as of the end of fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 1996. the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to annual surpluses. no officer or employee of the u.s. may disinvest amounts in such Trust Funds. a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations. if a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations. if a purpose of the disinvestment is to not increase the amount of outstanding public debt obligations."
1156,<pad> summarize:......................... if a request is filed within 90 days after the date of such liquidation or reliquidation is made. affected entries may be made under subsection (a) only if a request therefor is filed with the Customs Service within 90 days after the date of such liquidation or reliquidation.
1157,"<pad> summarize: a commission shall serve as the head of the Bureau. authority to prescribe regulations based on this title and other laws. vacancy occurs before the expiration of the term to which the predecessor of that member was appointed. vacancy occurs before the expiration of the term to which the predecessor of that member was appointed.Section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 is amended in subsection (a) by amending the heading of such subsection to read as follows: ""Budget, Financial Management, and Audit. "" b) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (2). Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 is amended by striking ""Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection"" each place such term appears and inserting ""Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection"" section 1012(c)(4) (12 USC. 5492(c)(4)), by striking ""Assistant Director"" and inserting ""Bureau"" section 1447 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 is amended by striking ""Director"" each place such term appears and"
1158,"<pad> summarize: section 45(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. it is amended by inserting ""and other energy"" after ""electricity"". kilowatt hours of electricity equivalent is equal to the Btu of any fuel or feedstock produced by the taxpayer."
1159,"<pad> summarize: section 1834 of the social security act is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: Frequency and Payment Limits for screening fecal-occult blood tests. the payment amount established for tests performed in 1996 shall not exceed $5. the Secretary shall establish a payment amount under section 1848 with respect to screening flexible sigmoidoscopies provided for the purpose of early detection of colon cancer. amendments made by section 2 will apply to screening fecal- occult blood tests. screening flexible sigmoidoscopies and colonoscopy performed on or after January 1, 1996. the amendments will apply to fecal- occult blood tests."
1160,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of defense shall provide for a program under which postal benefits shall be provided to qualified individuals in accordance with succeeding provisions of this Act. the term ""qualified individual"" means an individual who is a member of the Armed Forces of the united states on active duty. the term ""qualified individual"" means an individual who is a member of the Armed Forces of the united States on active duty. the Department of Defense shall transfer to the Postal Service based on estimates. a sum determined to be equal to the expenses incurred by the Department in providing the benefits described in section 2(c) the Department of defense shall transfer to the Postal Service, out of any amount so appropriated and in advance of each calendar quarter during which postal benefits under this Act may be used.the postal benefits under this Act shall apply to mail matter sent during the 1-year period beginning on the date on which the regulations under section 2(d) take effect. amend the title so as to read: ""A bill to provide for free mailing privileges for personal correspondence and certain other mail matter sent from within the United States to members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty in Iraq or Afghanistan"""
1161,"<pad> summarize: he spearheaded the civil rights movement during the 1950's and 1960's. he was the keynote speaker at the august, 28, 1963, march on Washington. he delivered his famous ""I Have a Dream"" speech, one of the classic orations.not more than 50,000 $5 coins, which shall weigh 8.359 grams, (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches. not more than 350,000 $1 coins, which shall weigh 26.73 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. not more than 5,000,000 half dollar coins which shall weigh 11.34 grams, (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches. the Secretary shall obtain silver for minting coins under this Act. silver is available from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. silver is available from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. design of the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the inspirational life and works of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Designation and inscriptions on each coin minted under this Act shall be emblematic. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary after consultation.only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. no coins may be minted under this Act after December 31, 2003. if minted under this Act, it will be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. all sales of coins minted under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows. a surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. a surcharge of $10 per coin for the half dollar coin. a surcharge of $3 per coin for the half dollar coin."
1162,<pad> summarize: sex education programs that promote both abstinence and contraception does not increase sexual behavior. sex education programs are medically accurate and age-appropriate. sex education programs that promote both abstinence and contraception do not increase sex behavior. section 510 of the social security act is amended by striking section 510. amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2010 are rescinded. section 513(f) of the social security act is amended by striking. 
1163,"<pad> summarize: the public health service and the American Academy of Pediatrics agree that thimerosal-containing vaccines should be removed as soon as possible. thimerosal remains in several nonroutinely administered childhood vaccines and many pediatric and adult influenza vaccines. there is no law or regulation to prohibit the reintroduction of thimerosal into any products from which it has already been removed. thimerosal remains in several nonrou section 501 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""If it is a banned mercury-containing vaccine under section 351B of the Public Health Service Act"" if 1 dose of the vaccine contains 1 or more micrograms of mercury in any form. Exception. Subsection (j) of section 501 shall not apply to a vaccine during the effective period of a declaration issued by the Secretary for this section applies only to a vaccine that is a banned mercury-containing vaccine. it is manufactured for use in the 2006-2007 influenza season or any subsequent period. this section applies only to vaccines manufactured for use under section 351B(a) of the Public Health Service Act.the public health service Act is amended by adding at the end: Mercury Content. it is not later than 2 months after the enactment of this subsection. it will revise vaccine information materials developed and disseminated under this section.SENSE OF CONGRESS should include a recommendation against administration of any thimerosal-containing vaccine to a pregnant woman. thimerosal-containing vaccine should not be administered to pregnant pregnant women.not later than 1 year after enactment of this Act. annual report will be submitted annually to congress. mercury is removed from vaccines. if enactment is not effective, the commissioner will be able to remove mercury."
1164,"<pad> summarize: the National Women's History Museum is a nonprofit, nonpartisan, educational institution incorporated in the district of Columbia. the national Women's History Museum will collect and disseminate information concerning women. the national women's history museum will foster educational programs relating to the history and contribution to society by women. a 3-story glass enclosed structure known as the ""Pavilion Annex"" is a retail shopping mall. the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of General Services. the term ""Museum Sponsor"" means the National Women's History Museum, Inc incorporated in the district of Columbia. the term ""Pavilion Annex"" means the building in Washington, district of Columbia. a fair market value for the purpose of determining rent shall be determined by not more than 3 appraisers, operating under a common set of instructions. 1 shall be selected by the first 2 appraisers only if the first 2 appraisals are irreconcilable. difference of not more than 10 per cent, the fair market value shall be the average of the 2 appraisals. EMILY J. REYNOLDS, secretary of state, passed the Senate on November 21, 2003. EMILY J. REYNOLDS, secretary of state. he was accompanied by EMILY J. REYNOLDS. "
1165,"<pad> summarize: a substantial amount of fraud occurs in the offering of college education financial assistance services. such fraud includes misrepresentations regarding the provision of sources from which consumers may obtain financial assistance for purposes of financing a college education. in 1996, the Federal Trade Commission launched ""Project Scholarscam,"" a joint law enforcement and consumer education campaign directed at fraudulent purveyors. sentencing commission amends federal sentencing guidelines. penalties are comparable to base offense level for misrepresentation. defendant was acting on behalf of charitable, educational, religious, or political organization. sentencing commission will amend federal sentencing guidelines. Section 522(c) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of paragraph (2). by adding "", or"" at the end of paragraph (3) and adding at the end: a debt in connection with fraud in the obtaining or providing of any scholarship, grant, loan, tuition, discount, award.annual report on scholarship fraud. report will contain an assessment of the nature and quantity of incidents of such fraud during the one-year period ending on the date of such report. the first report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. a list of companies and individuals who have been convicted of scholarship fraud in federal or state court."
1166,"<pad> summarize: tens of millions of landmines in over 60 countries around the world. tens of millions of landmines are maimed or killed each year by landmines. only about ten per cent of these funds go directly to landmine victims.the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended by inserting after section 134. the President is authorized to furnish assistance to individuals with disabilities, including victims of civil strife and warfare, in foreign countries. the programs established pursuant to subsection may include programs, projects, and activities. support for and training of medical professionals, including surgeons, nurses, and physical therapist.programs established pursuant to paragraph (1) may be carried out in foreign countries only in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. activities under programs established pursuant to subsection (a) may be carried out in foreign countries only in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. programs established pursuant to subsection (a) may include: research on trauma, physical, psychological, and social rehabilitation.the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is authorized to provide advice and expertise on prosthetics, orthotics, physical and psychological rehabilitation and treatment, and disability assistance to other Federal departments and agencies. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is authorized to provide advice and expertise on prosthetics, orthotics, physical and psychological rehabilitation and treatment, and disability assistance to other Federal departments and agencies. he is authorized to provide for temporary assignment on a non-reimbursable basis of appropriate Department"
1167,"<pad> summarize: 20 percent of all new teachers leave the teaching profession within 3 years. vacancy rate for registered nurse positions at nursing homes approaching 20 percent. average student loan debt almost doubled from $9,200 in 1992-1993 to $16,928 in 1999-2000.a holder of a loan on which a borrower seeks forgiveness may cancel a loan. the Secretary shall carry out a program of assuming the obligation to repay a qualified loan amount. the term 'eligible nurse' means a nurse who meets all of the following. a nursing degree from a collegiate school of nursing, or an equivalent degree.an individual who began the required period described in section 428J(b)(1) or 460(b)(1)(A) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 as such sections were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. not be eligible to receive loan forgiveness or loan cancellation under section 428J or 460 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act."
1168,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: u.s. should end the occupation of Iraq immediately. kohn: u.s. should use readily available existing funds to bring troops home. kohn: u.s. should be encouraged to prepare an international security and peacekeeping force. kohn: u.s. should provide funding for u.s. peacekeeping mission. kohn: u.s. should not all United States Armed Forces serving in Iraq shall be completely withdrawn from Iraq and redeployed outside of the Middle East. Paragraph (1) does not apply to the use of funds to ensure the security of Iraq by carrying out consultations with the Government of Iraq, other foreign governments, the United Nations, and other international organizations. the term ""Armed Forces"" has the meaning given the term in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code"
1169,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of the Treasury and the Federal Election Commission shall take such actions as may be necessary to increase disclosure to the public by improving the linkage between the databases for public disclosure of election-related information maintained by the Department of the Treasury and the Federal Election Commission. the first report shall be an interim report submitted not later than July 15, 2004, and the second report shall be a final report submitted not later than January 15, 2005."
1170,"<pad> summarize: pulmonary hypertension is a serious and often fatal condition. pulmonary hypertension is rarely picked up in a routine medical examination. pulmonary hypertension may worsen to the point where the patient is completely bedridden. pulmonary hypertension may worsen to the point where the patient is completely bedridden.pulmonary hypertensia is regulated by the public health service. it is regulated by pulmonary hypertensia and is regulated by pulmonary hypertensia. it is regulated by pulmonary hypertensia. it is regulated by pulmonary hypertensia. pulmonary hypertension education program is aimed at preventing pulmonary hypertension. the secretary of health and human services shall develop and disseminate information under subsection (a) through arrangements with a national non-profit entity with expertise in pulmonary hypertension.the secretary of health and human services develop and disseminate information on pulmonary hypertension. such information shall include material on warning signs of pulmonary hypertension. such health care providers shall include cardiologists, pulmonologists, rheumatologists, primary care physicians, pediatricians, and nurse practitioners. "
1171,<pad> summarize: the secretary of the Treasury shall establish a system to record applications for extensions of credit that are subject to the requirement under subsection (a) the clearinghouse operator may assess and collect fees to cover the costs of the establishment and operation of the clearinghouse established under this subsection.
1172,"<pad> summarize: the house furnishing and building products market lost $67 billion from 2007 to 2008. 273,000 american jobs were lost in 2008 and 299,000 jobs are expected to be lost in 2009. temporary, timely, and targeted efforts are necessary to save and create jobs in this sector.section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended. it is amended by inserting after section 223 the following new item. the amendments to section 224 apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2008. CREDIT FOR PURCHASES OF PERSONAL USE BUILDING PRODUCTS AND HOME FURNISHINGS is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a rule similar to the rule of section 224(b)(2) shall apply for purposes of paragraph (1). iraq's governing body has rewritten the ira's governing body's governing system. ira's governing body has rewritten the ira's governing body's rules. ira's governing body has rewritten the ira's governing body's rules."
1173,"<pad> summarize: lincoln county land act of 2000 is amended in paragraph (1). section 5(b) of the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 is amended. lincoln county land act of 2000 is amended by striking "", and"" at the end and inserting a semicolon.section 323 of the Pam White Wilderness Act of 2006 is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting: Mt. Moriah Wilderness Adjustment. the boundary of the Mt. Moriah Wilderness established under section 2(13) is adjusted to include the land identified as the 'Mount Moriah Wilderness Area' and 'Mount Moriah Additions' section 3(d)(3)(B) of Public Law 99-548 is amended by striking ""development of a multispecies habitat conservation plan for"" and inserting ""development and implementation of a conservation plan to benefit fish and wildlife species of"" Section 3(f)(2)(B) of Public Law 99-548 is amended by striking ""(v) SECTION-HEADER>"" passed the house of representatives June 7, 2016. Attest: KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk. "
1174,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this Act is to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate the exchange of land between the united states, pitkin County, Colorado, and the Aspen Valley Land Trust. PURPOSE. this Act is to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate the exchange of land between the United States, Pitkin County, Colorado, and the Aspen Valley Land Trust. the term ""Aspen Valley Land Trust"" includes any successor, heir, or assign of the Aspen Valley Land Trust. the term ""county"" means a political subdivision of the State of Colorado. the term ""federal land"" means the approximately 5.5 acres of National Forest System land located in the County. if the County offers to convey to the United States title to the non-Federal land acceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior shall accept the offer. on receipt of acceptable title to the non-Federal land, simultaneously convey to the County, or at the request of the County, to the Aspen Valley Land Trust, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. the value of the federal land and non-federal land shall be equal. or shall be made equal in accordance with subsection (c). if the final appraised value of the non-federal land exceeds the final appraised value of the non-federal land, the County shall donate to the United States the excess value of the non-federal land.land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the White River National Forest. management. On acquisition, land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall be administered in accordance with the laws generally applicable to the National Forest System. the boundaries of the White River National Forest shall be deemed to be the boundaries of the White River National Forest as of January 1, 1965. "
1175,"<pad> summarize: Section 428J(c) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. increased amounts for teachers in mathematics, science, or special education. the aggregate amount that the Secretary shall repay under this section shall not be more than $17,500. Section 428J(b)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by inserting ""and"" after the semicolon at the end of clause (i) and by striking clauses (ii) and (iiii) and inserting: if employed as an elementary or secondary school teacher, is highly qualified as defined in section 9101(23) of the Elementary Secondary Education Act of 1965. the Secretary shall notify local educational agencies eligible to participate in the Small Rural Achievement Program authorized under subpart 1 of part B of title VI of this Act of 1965 of the benefits available under the amendments made by this Act. he will encourage such agencies to notify their teachers of such benefits."
1176,"<pad> summarize: a vessel of the united states that is constructed under a contract entered into after the date of enactment of the Oil Spill Prevention Act of 2010 or delivered after August 1, 2010 shall comply with the requirements of Regulation 12A relating to the international Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973. the Secretary may prescribe regulations to apply the requirements described in Regulation 12A to vessels described in paragraph (1) that are not otherwise subject to that convention.section 4(b) of port and waterways Safety Act of 1972 is amended by striking ""operate or"" and inserting ""emergency or"" after ""other"" in paragraph (3). the secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall provide guidance to all vessel traffic personnel that clearly defines the use of authority to direct or control vessel movement when such direction or control is justified in the interest of safety. a report consolidating the results of the the commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that there is at least 1 trained and experienced pollution investigator on duty or in an on-call status at all times for each Coast Guard Sector Command. if possible, the commandant must ensure that there is at least 1 trained and experienced pollution investigator on duty or in an on-call status.a renewed merchant mariner's document may be issued under this chapter up to 8 months in advance. a renewed license issued under this part may be issued up to 8 months in advance but is not effective until the date that the previously issued merchant mariner's document expires. a renewed certificate of registry issued under this part may be issued up to 8 months in advance but is not effective until the date that the previously issued certificate of registry expires chapter 75 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""7507. Authority to extend the duration of licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents Licenses and Certificates of Registry"" the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may extend for up to one year an expiring license or certificate of registry issued for an individual under chapter 71 if the Secretary determine that extension is required to enable the Coast Guard to the House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations is releasing CERTAIN REPORTs. the report will be submitted by the Coast Guard every year. it will submit only 1 report a year. a report will be submitted by the coast guard. the budgetary effects of this Act will be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ""Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation"" for this Act. passed the Senate September 29, 2010. erICKSON, secretary of state john mccain."
1177,"<pad> summarize: regulations designed for application to large-scale entities have been applied uniformly to small businesses and other small entities. federal agencies have failed to analyze and uncover less costly alternative regulatory approaches. federal agencies continue to interpret chapter 6 of title 5 in a manner that permits them to avoid their analytical responsibilities. congress will amend chapter 6 of title 5 to ensure that all impacts, including foreseeable indirect effects, of proposed and final rules are considered by agencies. Section 601 of title 5 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term 'economic impact' means, with respect to a proposed or final rule any direct economic effect on small entities of such rule. and any indirect economic effect which is reasonably foreseeable.paragraph 1 of section 603 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""succinct"" paragraph (3) of such section is amended by striking ""succinct"" and inserting ""a detailed explanation""section 610 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. each agency shall publish in the Federal Register and place on its website a plan for the periodic review of rules issued by the agency which the head of the agency determines have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. such plan may be amended at any time by publishing the revision in the Federal Register and subsequently placing the amended plan on the agency's website. section 603 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. an agency shall notify the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration of draft rules if submission is required if submission is required. paragraph (2) of section 604(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended."
1178,"<pad> summarize: section 3011(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subparagraph (A), (2) by adding ""or"" at the end of subparagraph (B) as of December 31, 1989, is eligible for educational assistance under chapter 34 of this title. as of December 31, 1989, either serves at least three years of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces. after July 2, 1985 serves at least two"
1179,"<pad> summarize: no effect on redistricting for state or local elections. no effect on redistricting for state or local elections. no effect on redistricting for state or local elections. a redistricting process may be conducted in accordance with a process.the site is updated continuously to provide advance notice of meetings held by the entity. the site contains the most recent available information from the Bureau of the Census on voting-age population, voter registration, and voting results in the state. the site permits any individual to submit comments on any plan proposed by the entity, and to submit questions, comments, and other information with respect to the entity's activities. the state redistricting entity shall solicit the input of members of the public in its work to develop initial Congressional redistricting plans for the state. publishing and posting on the internet site established under section 3 the criteria which the entity will use to develop the Congressional redistricting plan for the state.the state redistricting entity shall post on the Internet site established under section 3 the following information. the final plan includes a map showing each Congressional district established under the plan. a statement explaining the entity's reasons for adopting the proposed final plan and the reasons why the adoption will best serve the public interest. the state redistricting entity adopts the final Congressional redistricting plan. it will post on the internet site established under section 3 the following information. the plan includes a map showing each Congressional district established under the plan.this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply. a redistricting occurs after the regular decennial census conducted during 2010. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply.."
1180,"<pad> summarize: section 1203 is amended by adding at the end of paragraph (1). d) of section 63 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (1). section 641(d)(2)(C) is amended to read as follows. section 641(d)(2)(C) is amended to read as follows."
1181,"<pad> summarize: section 11(f) of the federal Deposit Insurance Act shall apply with respect to insured deposits in depository institutions for which the Corporation was first appointed receiver during the period between January 1, 1989 and the date of enactment of this Act. section 12(e) shall not bar any claim made against the Corporation by an insured depositor for an insured or transferred deposit."
1182,"<pad> summarize: Congress recognizes that the Government of Indonesia took a positive and constructive step by agreeing on September 12, 1999, to the deployment of an international peacekeeping force to East Timor. the purpose of this Act is to encourage the Government of Indonesia to take such additional steps as are necessary to create a peaceful environment in which the United Nations Assistance Mission in East Timor (UNAMET) can fulfill its mandate and implement the results of the August 30, 1999, vote on East Timor u.s. executive directors to the international financial institutions should oppose or vote against any extension by those institutions of any kind to the Government of Indonesia. sen. john mccain says the international financial institutions should withhold the balance of any undisbursed approved loans or other assistance to the Government of Indonesia. mccain says the international financial institutions should withhold the balance of any undisbursed approved loans or other assistance to the Government no defense article or defense service may be exported or delivered to Indonesia or East Timor by any United States person. the measures described in subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the Government of Indonesia until the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that a generally safe and secure environment exists in East Timor. MULTILATERAL EFFORTS should continue to coordinate with other countries, particularly member states. the president should continue to develop a comprehensive, multilateral strategy. urging other countries to take measures similar to those described in this Act. ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committees on foreign relations, committee on Appropriations of the Senate, committee on international relations and committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the committee on foreign relations and the committee on Appropriations of the Senate. "
1183,"<pad> summarize: short title: table of contents: table of contents. short title: table of contents. short title: table of contents. short title: table of contents. short title: table of contents. short title: table of contents. short title: table of contents. Definitions and findings........................ Establishment and membership of Commission....................... international Document Procurement Agreement....................... development of the code of land grant claims procedure.....................examination of land claims. land claims...................... Community Land Grant Study Center.......................Miscellaneous powers of Commission......................report.........................Termination......................... authorization of appropriations. authorization of appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. appropriations. the term ""Commission"" means the Guadalupe-Hidalgo Treaty Land Claims Commission established under section 3 of the treaty of guadalupe-hidalgo. the term ""eligible descendant"" means a descendant of a person who was a mexican citizen before the Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo. the term ""reconstituted"" means a commission to be known as the ""Guadalupe-Hidalgo Treaty Land Claims Commission"" is established. five members appointed by the president, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. Congress recognizes that the availability of documents concerning community land grants in the state of new Mexico in the united states is limited. a fair and equitable evaluation will depend upon obtaining a comprehensive compilation of the relevant documents available relating to community land grants in the state of new mexico. the Commission shall develop workable and equitable procedures for land grant evaluations. it may not commence evaluations earlier than the 90 days after submission of the Code under this subsection. if a community land grant is reconstituted, it will be required to identify sacred sites.a petition under subsection (a) must be received by the Commission not later than five years after the date on which the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources has completed the 90-day review period. petition under subsection (a) shall be made under oath and shall contain the names and addresses of the eligible descendants who are petitioners. COMMUNITY LAND GRANT STUDY CENTER will establish a Community Land Grant Study Center. the commission will be charged with the responsibility of directing the research, study, and investigations necessary for the Commission to perform its duties under this Act.Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. any member or agent may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. Gifts, bequests, and Devises. The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of services or property.a report will be submitted to the president and the Congress. the report will contain each decision. a recommendation is made by the Commission. if it does not make the recommendations, the report will be submitted to the president and the congress. TERMINATION. the Commission shall terminate on 180 days after submitting its final report. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION.there is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1999-2007. there is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1999-2007. there is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1999-2007."
1184,<pad> summarize: a biodiesel mixture must be sold to a person for use as a fuel. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year.
1185,"<pad> summarize: section 10 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) the regulations shall prohibit the sale, donation, or service without charge of foods of minimal nutritional value during the covered period on school grounds. the Secretary shall evaluate the results and promulgate final regulations relating to the sale, donation, or service without charge of foods of minimal nutritional value during the covered period on school grounds."
1186,"<pad> summarize: section 43 of title 18 is amended as follows. section 43 of title 18 is amended to read as follows. in general, section 43 of title 18 is amended to read as follows. in general, section 43 of title 18 is amended to read as follows.'animal enterprise' means a commercial or academic enterprise that uses or sells animals or animal products for profit, food or fiber production, agriculture, research, or testing. the term 'economic damage' means losses and increased costs that individually or collectively exceed $10,000. the term 'economic damage' means losses and increased costs resulting from threats, acts of vandalism."
1187,"<pad> summarize: the first sentence of ""An Act to provide books for the adult blind"" is amended by striking ""and for purchase, maintenance, and replacement of reproducers for such sound-reproduction recordings"" ""and for purchase, maintenance, and replacement of reproducers for such sound-reproduction recordings"" the Librarian of Congress may transfer amounts to the Architect of the Capitol. such amounts may be appropriated for any fiscal year for the Library of Congress. the Librarian may use amounts directly for the purpose of preparing collection materials for long-term storage. Section 101 of the Library of Congress Fiscal Operations Improvement Act of 2000 is amended in the heading, by striking ""duplication"" and in subsection (a) by striking ""duplication and delivery services provided by the Librarian"" and inserting ""the following programs and activities of the Librarian""the first undesignated paragraph of section 4 is amended in the first sentence. it is amended by inserting ""of money"" after ""bequests"" and inserting ""enter the gift, bequest, or proceeds"". the first undesignated paragraph of section 4 is amended in the first sentence.the date described in this paragraph is, with respect to a Congress in the case of a Member of Congress who is a Member of the House of Representatives, the date on which Senators are appointed to serve on the Joint Committee for the Congress. the final undesignated paragraph under the heading ""Senate"" is hereby repealed. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. the amendments will apply with respect to each succeeding fiscal year. the amendments will apply to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. "
1188,"<pad> summarize: after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not enter into any new contract to make contributions under section 4 of the United States Housing Act of 1937. the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not enter into any new contract to make contributions under section 5 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 to public housing agencies. TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF SUPPORTIVE HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY. after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not enter into any new commitment to make capital advances under section 202(c)(1).after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may not enter into any new commitment to make capital advances under section 811 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act. any budget authority available under section 5(c) is authorized to be increased by $150,000,000 on or after October 1, 1993. the Secretary shall make available an amount for voucher assistance for elderly persons. the total annual amount of assistance provided by the Secretary bears to the total annual amount of housing assistance provided by the Secretary for recent years. "
1189,"<pad> summarize: a qualified small business shall not be treated as a qualified equity investment unless, during substantially all of its holding period, such qualified small business meets the active business requirements of paragraph (a) a qualified small business shall not be treated as a qualified equity investment unless, during substantially all of its holding period consists of stock or securities in other entities which are not subsidiaries of such qualified small business. a qualified small business shall not be treated as a qualified equity the Secretary of the Treasury shall provide to the Administrator of the Small Business Administration any data available to the Secretary on the implementation and use of the equity investment in small business tax credit determined under section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall submit to Congress a report describing the implementation and use of the equity investment in small business tax credit determined under section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986."
1190,"<pad> summarize: reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 1636. Prado Basin Natural Treatment System Project."" the federal share of the cost of the project described in subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the project described in subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the project described in subsection (a) reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act is further amended by adding at the end the following: ""Section 1637. regional brine lines."" the Secretary may assist agencies in projects to construct regional brine lines to export the salinity imported from the Colorado River to the Pacific Ocean. the federal share of the cost of a project to construct regional brine lines shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the project. LOWER CHINO DAIRY AREA DESALINATION DEMONSTRATION AND RECLAMATION PROJECT. in general, the Secretary shall participate in the design, planning, and construction of the lower Chino Dairy Area desalination demonstration and reclamation project. the federal share of the cost described in subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 percent of the total cost of the project described in subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 Section 1631(d) is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""paragraph (2)"" and inserting ""paragraphs (2) and (3)"" federal share of the costs of the project authorized by section 1624 shall not exceed: $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2007. $24,200,000 for fiscal year 2008. $26,620,000 for fiscal year 2009. $29,282,000 for fiscal year 2010. $32,210,200 for fiscal year 2011. $38,974,342 for fiscal year 2013. $42,87 CENTER for TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENT OF MEMBRANE TECHNOLOGY AND EDUCATION shall be established at the Orange County Water District located in Orange County, California. the secretary of the interior shall establish a center for the expressed purposes of providing assistance in the development and advancement of membrane technologies. the center is authorized to carry out subsections (a) and (b), $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2011"
1191,<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall establish a coordinated and low-cost health plan. it will be available in the individual market for plan year 2023 and each subsequent plan year. it will be available to all residents of all rating areas in the united states. section 1860D-11 of the social security act is amended by striking subsection (i) Effective date. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act.
1192,<pad> summarize: Section 529 of the Homeland Security Act is amended by adding at the end the following new item relating to section 528. the table of contents in section 528 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 528 the following new item relating to section 529.
1193,<pad> summarize: 'eligible small business' means with respect to any taxable year beginning in a calendar year. a preceding calendar year may be taken into account only if the employer was not in existence throughout such calendar year. 'eligible small business' means with respect to any taxable year beginning in a calendar year. 'eligible small business' means with respect to any taxable year beginning in a calendar year. Comptroller General submits a report to the House of Representatives. it will also submit a report to the committee on small business. it will also submit a report to the committee on small business of the house of representatives. 
1194,"<pad> summarize: section 4402 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter relating to chapter 43. the term 'eligible employee' means an individual who is, with respect to another individual, one of the following: the spouse of the other individual. the term'reduced leave schedule' has the meaning given such terms in section 4303 of title 10."
1195,"<pad> summarize: Section 312(b) of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 USC. 5712(b) is amended in paragraph (6) by inserting after ""cultural minority"" the following: ""including demographics on the sexual orientation and gender identity or expression of the youth it serves,"" (3) in paragraph (12)(C)(ii) by striking ""and"" at the end. Section 351 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following section 302 of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act is amended in paragraph (5). a redesign of paragraph (6) as paragraph (7) redesigned a new section (5). a redesigned paragraph (5) redesigned the following sections. Section 311(a)(2)(C) of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 USC. 5711(a)(2)(C) is amended in clause (iii) by striking ""and"" at the end. in clause (iv) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon. section 345(a) of runaway and homeless youth Act is amended by striking ""and"" at the end. that includes data on demographics of such individuals. that doesn't disclose the identity of individual runaway or homeless youth. no person in the u.s. shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subject to discrimination under any program or activity funded in whole or in part with funds made available under this title. the authority of the Attorney General and the Office of Justice Programs to enforce this section shall be the same as it is under section 809 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968.section 387 of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act is amended by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (6). the term 'culturally competent' means having a defined set of values and principles. the term 'gender identity or expression' means an individual's gender-related identity, appearance, or behavior."
1196,"<pad> summarize: Title I helps address inequity in education in school districts across the country to provide a high-quality education to every student. the Individuals with Disabilities Education Improvement Act guarantees all children with disabilities a first-rate education. $16,221,582,000 or the full amount authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year for those programs, whichever is higher. for fiscal year 2018, an amount that equals the difference between the amount appropriated for fiscal year 2015 for programs under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. $23,141,888,000 or the full amount authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year for those programs, whichever is higher. for fiscal a total of 500,000 children with disabilities are eligible to be eligible to apply. a total of 500,000 children are eligible to apply for a special education program. a total of 500,000 children are eligible to apply for special education. a total of 500,000 children are eligible to apply for special education.the amounts appropriated by this Act shall be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements. the amounts appropriated by this Act shall be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements. the amounts appropriated by this Act shall be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements."
1197,"<pad> summarize: 'promising approach' means an approach used in a demonstration project based on empirical studies. the term 'promising approach' means an approach used in a demonstration project based on results based on empirical studies. 'promising approach' means an approach used in a demonstration project based on rigorous research designs. the amendment made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2015. the amendment will take effect on October 1, 2015. the amendment will take effect on October 1, 2015. the amendment will take effect on October 1, 2015.."
1198,"<pad> summarize: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may make exceptions to the Truth in Lending Act. a major disaster exists or within an area determined to be eligible for disaster relief under other Federal law. the exception can reasonably be expected to alleviate hardships to the public resulting from such disaster that outweigh possible adverse effects. if the Board determines that the exception can reasonably be expected to alleviate hardships to the public resulting from such disaster the appropriate Federal banking agency may permit an insured depository institution to subtract from the institution's total assets. the agency may, by order, calculate compliance with the leverage limit prescribed under section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. the term ""appropriate Federal banking agency"" has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. the term ""leverage limit"" has the same meaning.qualifying regulatory agency may take any of the following actions. a qualifying regulatory agency may take any of the following actions. a qualifying regulatory agency must publish in the Federal Register a statement describing any action taken under this section. the Comptroller General of the united states shall conduct a study. it examines how agencies and entities granted authority by the Depository Institutions Disaster Relief Act and by this Act have exercised such authority. it contains recommendations with respect to whether the authority granted by this Act should be made permanent. not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS is the sense of the Congress that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System should encourage depository depository institutions meet the financial services needs of their communities and customers located in areas affected by the 1994 earthquake. no provision of this Act shall be construed as limiting the authority of any department or agency under any other provision of law. no provision of this Act shall be construed as limiting the authority of any department or agency under any other provision of law."
1199,"<pad> summarize: ""Commission"" means the national Commission on the Quincentennial of the discovery of Florida by Ponce de Leon established under section 3(a). Governor. The term ""Governor"" means the Governor of the State of Florida. Quincentennial. a commission to be known as the ""National Commission on the Quincentennial of the discovery of Florida by Ponce de Leon"" the commission shall plan, encourage, coordinate, and conduct the commemoration of the Quincentennial. a quorum of the Commission for decision-making purposes shall be 5 members.a limited number of proposed projects will be undertaken by appropriate federal departments and agencies. a limited number of proposed projects will be undertaken by appropriate federal departments and agencies. a report includes recommendations for the allocation of financial and administrative responsibility among participating entities and persons.the Commission may provide for the preparation, distribution, dissemination, exhibition, and sale of historical, commemorative, and informational materials and objects that will contribute to public awareness of, and interest in the Quincentennial. a central clearinghouse for information and coordination regarding dates, events, places, documents, artifacts, and personalities relating to the Quincentennial. a director, deputy director, and other personnel may be appointed. a member of the Commission shall serve without compensation. a member shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away. a study will be carried out in accordance with section 8(c) of Public Law 91-383 (16 USC. 1a-5(c)). submit a report to the committee on energy and natural resources of the Senate and the committee on resources of the House of Representatives. amounts appropriated under this section shall remain available until December 31, 2013. amounts appropriated under this section shall remain available until December 31, 2013. amounts appropriated under this section shall remain available until December 31, 2013.the authority provided by this Act terminates effective December 31, 2013. passed the Senate October 10, 2004. EMILY J. REYNOLDS, secretary of state. he was voted saturday."
1200,"<pad> summarize: authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2000 $345,000,000 for infant and child health programs under chapter 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 that have a direct, measurable, and high impact on reducing the incidence of illness and death among children. not less than 25 percent of such amount shall be allocated for programs of United States-based, citizen-supported, private voluntary organizations that implement community-based programs."
1201,"<pad> summarize: the Kenai Mountains-Turnagain Arm transportation corridor is a major gateway to Alaska. it includes a range of transportation routes used first by indigenous people who settled the Nation's last frontier. the natural history and scenic splendor of the region are equally outstanding. the term ""heritage area"" means the Kenai Mountains-Turnagain Arm National Heritage Area established by section 4(a of this Act. the term ""management entity"" means the 11-member Board of Directors of the Kenai Mountains-Turnagain Arm National Heritage Corridor Communities Association. the Kenai Mountains-Turnagain Arm National Heritage Corridor is established. it comprises the lands depicted on the map entitled ""Kenai PeninsulaTurnagain Arm National Heritage Corridor"" MANAGEMENT ENTITY shall be entered into a cooperative agreement with the management entity to carry out the purposes of this Act. it includes information relating to the objectives and management of the Heritage Area, including: an explanation of the proposed approach to conservation and interpretation of the Heritage Area. no in this Act authorizes the management entity to assume any management authorities or responsibilities on Federal lands. the management entity shall develop a management plan for the Heritage Area. it will take into consideration existing federal, state, borough, and local plans. the management plan includes, but not be limited to comprehensive recommendations for conservation, funding, management, and development of the Heritage Area.a cooperative agreement shall be prepared with public participation. a cooperative agreement shall be prepared with public participation. a cooperative agreement shall be prepared with public participation. a cooperative agreement shall be prepared with public participation. a cooperative agreement shall be prepared with public participation.Nothing in this Act shall be construed to grant powers of zoning or management of land use. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify, enlarge, or diminish any authority of the Federal, State, or local governments to manage or regulate any use of land as provided for by law or regulation. the management entity may not use funds appropriated to carry out the purposes of this Act to acquire real property or interest in real property. the management entity may not use funds appropriated to carry out the purposes of this Act to acquire real property or interest in real property.$350,000 is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the purposes of this Act for any fiscal year after the first year. not more than $10,000,000, in the aggregate, may be appropriated for the Heritage Area. if approved, the Secretary may not make any grant or provide any assistance under this Act beyond 15 years from the date that the Secretary and management entity complete a cooperative agreement."
1202,<pad> summarize: u.s. education agencies are authorized to provide grants to eligible local educational agencies. u.s. education agencies are authorized to provide grants under this title. u.s. education agencies are authorized to use funds to improve student achievement. u.s. education agencies are authorized to provide grants under this title.
1203,"<pad> summarize: Section 46 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: Incremental Investment Credit. for purposes of section 46, the incremental investment credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 10 percent of the excess aggregate bases of qualified investment credit properties placed in service during such taxable year, over 80 percent of the base amount. the term 'eligible property' means tangible property, but only if such property is the amendments made by this section shall apply to property acquired by the taxpayer after December 3, 1992. property acquired by the taxpayer after December 3, 1992 is completed by the taxpayer after December 3, 1992. the amendments apply only to the extent thereof attributable to construction, reconstruction, or erection. "
1204,"<pad> summarize: Licensed independent insurance producers provide a wide range of services for individual consumers and the business community. producers interface with insurers, acquire quotes, analyze plan options, and consult clients through the purchase of health insurance. nasa has adopted a resolution stating that ""Congress should expeditiously consider legislation amending the MLR provisions of the PPACA in order to preserve consumer access to agents and brokers"" Section 2718 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (a)(3). it is amended by inserting ""remuneration paid for licensed independent insurance producers,"" after ""State taxes"" and in subparagraph (b)(i)(II), by adding "", remuneration paid for licensed independent insurance producers in the individual and small group market,"" after ""State taxes"" "
1205,<pad> summarize: a grantee may use up to 30 percent of these funds to supplement existing moving-to-Work agreements. the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall extend the current moving-to-Work agreements of previously designated participating agencies until the end of each such agency's fiscal year 2028. a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for approval. a grantee may waive or specify alternative requirements for the use of
1206,"<pad> summarize: an employee may receive compensatory time off in accordance with this subsection. the term 'employee' does not include an employee of a public agency. an employer may provide compensatory time only if such time is provided in accordance with applicable provisions of a collective bargaining agreement between the employer and the labor organization.section 16 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 is amended in subsection (b), by striking ""(b) Any employer"" and inserting ""(b) Except as provided in subsection (f), any employer"" an employer who violates section 7(r)(4) shall be liable to the employee affected in the amount of the rate of compensation for each hour of compensatory time accrued by the employee. not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the materials the Secretary provides to employers for purposes of a notice explaining the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to employees. such notice reflects the amendments made by this Act. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall expire 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments to this Act shall expire 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1207,"<pad> summarize: ambulatory sites are cornerstones of ambulatory training for graduate medical education programs. hospitals were allowed to count the time resident physicians spent in non-hospital settings. a hospital was required to incur ""all or substantially all"" of the costs associated with the resident.section 1886(d)(5)(B)(iv) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to portions of cost reporting periods occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to discharges occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1208,<pad> summarize:......................... section 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: Special Allowance for Noncommercial Airplanes. Additional allowance. In general. in the case of any qualified noncommercial aircraft to which this subparagraph applies the depreciation deduction provided by section 167(a) for the taxable year in which such property is placed in service shall include an allowance equal to 50 percent of the adjusted basis of the qualified noncommercial aircraft
1209,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this Act is to save the lives of people who intentionally or inadvertently overdose on heroin or other opioids. this act provides certain protection from civil liability with respect to the emergency administration of opioid overdosing drugs. the term ""health care professional"" means a person licensed by a state to prescribe prescription drugs. the term ""opioid overdose drug"" means a drug that reverses in whole or part the pharmacological effects of an opioid overdose in the human body. the term ""opioid overdose program"" means a program operated by a health department, community-based organization, substance abuse treatment organization, law enforcement agency, fire department section 5, 6, and 7 shall not apply to any civil action in a State court. this Act preempts the law of a State to the extent that such law is inconsistent with this Act. this Act does not preempt any State law that provides additional protection from liability relating to the administration of opioid overdose drugs. a health care professional who prescribes or provides an opioid overdose drug to an individual at risk of experiencing an opioid overdose may not be liable if the harm was caused by the gross negligence or reckless misconduct of the health care professional. if the harm was caused by the gross negligence or reckless misconduct of the health care professional.no individual who provides an opioid overdose drug shall be liable if the individual who provides the opioid overdose drug works for or volunteers at an opioid overdose program. if the harm was caused by the gross negligence or reckless misconduct of the individual who provides the drug. subsection (a) shall not apply. no individual shall be liable for harm caused by emergency administration of an opioid overdose drug if the individual who administers the opioid overdose drug obtained the drug from a health care professional or as part of an opioid overdose program. if the harm was caused by the gross negligence or reckless misconduct of the individual who administers the drug. "
1210,"<pad> summarize: despite record levels of immunization in the 1990s, certain problems persist within the national immunization system. a key step is to step up our activities to immunize underserved adults and adolescents. this past season's shortage of influenza vaccine emphasized that the United States has no comprehensive flu vaccination plan. Section 317(k) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 247b(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following paragraphs. the Secretary shall give priority to adults and adolescents who are medically underserved and are at risk for vaccine-preventable diseases. in expending amounts appropriated under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall give priority."
1211,"<pad> summarize: term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. the term ""foreign terrorist organization"" means an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1189(a)).sally kohn: it's important for the national security of the united states to assist foreign partners in closing security gaps that may allow terrorists and foreign fighters to avoid detection while traveling internationally. kohn: failure to effectively coordinate capacity-building activities also increases the likelihood of overlap, waste, and unnecessary duplication between the United States and international programs. kohn: if u.s. is not able to respond, it will be the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State shall provide appropriate versions of US Customs and Border Protection's global travel targeting and analysis systems. if the Secretary determines such action would further the homeland security interests of the United States. if the Secretary determines such action would further the homeland security interests of the United States, he may provide equipment and supplies to a foreign government. the secretary of state, in coordination with the secretary of homeland security, should incorporate the reports required under paragraph (1) into country reports on terrorism. the minimum standards for serious and sustained efforts to combat terrorist and foreign fighter travel include making meaningful efforts to identify and monitor terrorists and foreign fighters operating within the territory of the country. the minimum standards for serious and sustained efforts to combat terrorist and foreign fighter travel include making meaningful efforts to identify and monitor terrorists and foreign fighters operating within ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. no additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. a total of 2,500 dollars is required to carry out the requirements. "
1212,"<pad> summarize: ftc shall conduct a civil action against any defendant named in a complaint. if the attorney general of a State prevailed in such civil action. if ftc does not provide such notice, the Commission may intervene in such civil action."
1213,"<pad> summarize: Section 41(c)(5)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""65 percent"" and inserting ""section 41(d)(1)"" Section 280C(b)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ""section 41(f)(1)"" and inserting ""section 41(d)(1)"""
1214,"<pad> summarize: a commission to be known as the national Youth Violence Commission. the commission shall be composed of 16 members appointed in accordance with subsection (b) vacancy occurs 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum to conduct business. determining the root causes of incidents of youth violence, the Commission shall study any matter that the Commission determines relevant to meeting the requirements of paragraph (1). if the Surgeon General issues any report on media and violence, the Commission shall consider the findings and conclusions of such report in making recommendations under this subsection. if the Surgeon General issues any report on media and youth violence, the Commission shall consider the findings and conclusions of such report in making recommendations under this subsection. a subpoena under this paragraph may require the production of any written or recorded information, document, report, answer, record, account, paper, computer file, or other data or documentary evidence necessary to carry out the Commission's duties under section 3. a subpoena under this paragraph may require the production of material from any place within the United States. a subpoena under this paragraph may require a person producing such materials members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the united states shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. the members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of service for the Commission. any sums appropriated shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. if appropriated, the sums will remain available until expended. if appropriated. if appropriated. if appropriated.TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. the Commission shall terminate 30 days after the report is submitted. the report will not be submitted under section 3(c) of the COMMISSION. if submitted under section 3(c), the Commission will be able to terminate it. "
1215,"<pad> summarize: cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cnn's cn Section 303(e) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 USC. 3023(e)) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ""fiscal years 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017"" in paragraph (3), by striking ""paragraphs (1) and "" and inserting ""paragraph (1)"". and by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2).the term <unk> public or private nonprofit entity' means a State, a political subdivision of a State, or an agency or instrumentality of such a State or political subdivision. the term <unk> State' means 1 of the 50 states. the Center shall identify, develop, and disseminate information on best practices relating to family caregivers."
1216,"<pad> summarize: a commemorative 25-cent coin program could produce earnings of $110,000,000. it would produce indirect earnings of an estimated $2,600,000,000 to $5,100,000,000. a commemorative circulating coin program encourages young people and their families to collect memorable tokens.a new section of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting following subsection (k) the following new subsection: Redesign and Issuance of Quarter Dollar in Commemoration of Each of the 50 States. the Secretary may continue to mint and issue quarter dollars in 1999 which bear the design in effect before the redesign required under this subsection and an inscription of the year <unk> 1998' Section 5112(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence, by striking ""dollar,"" and by inserting after the fourth sentence the following: ""the dollar coin shall be golden in color, have a distinctive edge,"" and have tactile and visual features that make the denomination of the coin readily discernible. Upon depletion of the Government's supply of $1 coins bearing the likeness of Susan B. Anthony, the Secretary of the RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to evidence any intention to eliminate or to limit the printing or circulation of United States currency in the $1 denomination.not more than 500,000 $10 coins each of which shall weigh 16.718 grams. not more than 750,000 half dollar coins each of which shall weigh 11.34 grams. minted under section 5112 of title 31, United States Code shall be legal tender. "
1217,"<pad> summarize: the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 established the Veterans Choice Program under section 101 of such Act as a temporary program to address a wait time backlog for receipt of health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs and a shortage of health care professionals at medical facilities of the Department.the amount appropriated under subsection (a) shall be available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation. to pay for expenses, equipment, and other costs associated with the hiring of primary care physicians, specialty care physicians, and other health care professionals. to maintain and operate hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities. this Act is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 USC. 933(g)). in the Senate, this Act is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403(a) of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010."
1218,"<pad> summarize: a plan for conducting fraud and error prevention activities is appropriated under paragraph (3). there is hereby appropriated from any one or all of the Trust Funds to the Social Security Administration for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015. the applicable dollar amount determined under this clause is for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, $1,800,000,000. not later than October 1, 2017, the commissioner of social security shall take any necessary actions to ensure that cooperative disability investigations (CDI) units have been established for each of the 50 states. the commissioner of social security will take any necessary actions to ensure that cooperative disability investigations (CDI) units have been established for each of the 50 states. the commissioner of social security shall conduct quality reviews based on a quality review. he shall annually submit a report to the House of Representatives and the Senate. he shall also submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. the commissioner of social security shall annually submit a report on work-related Continuing disability reviews. such report will include the total number of reports of earnings received in previous calendar year from individuals receiving benefits on account of disability under this title or title XVI. the number who participated in the Ticket to Work program under section 1148 during such calendar year. Section 221(i)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 421(i)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following. ""to the extent the Commissioner determines to be necessary for maximum efficiency, the Commissioner may submit a combined report consisting of the information required to be submitted under this paragraph, subsection (c)(3)(C), subsection (n)(2), section 201(n)(5), and section 223(k). Section 208(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 408(a)) is amended. it is further amended by striking ""or"" at the end, (2) in paragraph (8), by adding ""or"" at the end. a person who receives a fee or other income for services performed in connection with such determination shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than ten years Section 223(d)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 423(d)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following. if an individual is under a disability or continues to be under a disability, the Commissioner of Social Security may not consider, except for good cause as determined by the Commissioner, any evidence furnished by a physician or other health care provider. Section 251(b)(2)(B)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended in subclause (II), by adding ""and"" at the end. in subclause (III), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period, and by striking subclauses (IV) through (X)."
1219,<pad> summarize: satellite carrier may provide secondary transmission of a work embodied in a primary transmission made by a network station. a satellite carrier may not provide secondary transmission of the primary signals of a network station if secondary transmission is provided. a petition for statutory damages may be made to the Copyright Royalty Judges.
1220,<pad> summarize:.........................Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended. a spokesman for the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended. a spokesman for the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended. a spokesman for the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended.
1221,"<pad> summarize: the term ""eligible local educational agency"" means a local educational agency. at least 50 percent of the students in grades prekindergarten through grade 3 at such school are reading below grade level at grade 3 at grade 3. the term ""secretary"" means the secretary of education. state. grants to eligible local educational agencies may be awarded to eligible local educational agencies for summer early reading programs. a state library administrative agency desiring a grant under this section shall award subgrants to eligible local educational agencies based on the proposed number of school lunch sites and the number of students that will be served under the summer early reading program. a state library administrative agency desiring a grant under this section shall award subgrants to eligible local educational"
1222,"<pad> summarize: the term 'qualified facility' means any facility owned by the taxpayer. the facility is originally placed in service after December 31, 1992. the term 'qualified facility' means any facility owned by the taxpayer. if such facility is leased and the operator thereof is the lessee, such lessee shall be treated for purposes of this section as owning such facility.paragraph (1) of section 45(c) is amended by adding at the end the following subparagraph: Agricultural and animal waste. the term 'agricultural and animal waste' means all waste heat, steam, and fuels produced from the conversion of agricultural and animal wastes.Section 4081 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Biodiesel Mixtures. the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall be 3 cents per gallon less than the otherwise applicable rate in the case of the removal or entry of a qualified biodiesel mixture. the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall be 3.06 cents per gallon less than the otherwise applicable rate. Section 1232(a)(7)(A) of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended. it is striking ""and"" at the end of clause (ii. such commercial use of the harvested grass shall be permitted without reduction in rental payments. federal agencies shall use biodiesel fuel to operate any Federal vehicle that uses diesel fuel unless the cost is prohibitive. if the cost is prohibitive, federal agencies shall use biodiesel fuel to operate any Federal vehicle that uses diesel fuel. "
1223,"<pad> summarize: section 6159 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e), the following new subsection: Waiver of Installment Agreement Fee. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. SUSPENSION OF RUNNING OF PERIOD FOR FILING PETITION OF SPOUSAL RELIEF AND COLLECTION CASES. amendment made by this subsection shall apply to petitions filed under section 6330 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 after the date of the enactment of this Act. iraq's 7482(b) of 1986 is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subparagraph (E), by inserting a comma. in the case of a petition under section 6015(e), the legal residence of the petitioner if the petitioner is an individual.the amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable.de novo TAX COURT REVIEW OF CLAIMS FOR EQUITABLE INNOCENT SPOUSE RELIEF is amended. the amendment made by this section shall apply to petitions filed or pending before the Tax Court on and after the date of the enactment of this Act.Chapter 77 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. irs office of Appeals may not consider or decide any issue that is not within the scope of the initial determination. "
1224,"<pad> summarize: Section 57102 of title 46 is amended by adding at the end: Annual Report. Requirement. not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Ships to be Recycled in the States Act and annually thereafter.the audit required by subsection (a) shall review receivables, by contract from award to contract close-out, where receivables were held or invested. the audit required by subsection (a) shall review receivables, by contract from award to contract close-out, where receivables were held or invested. the audit required by subsection (a) shall review receivables, by contract from award to contract close Section 57104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) Section 3502 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act is amended by striking subsection (b), (e), and (f) section 6(e) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 USC. 2605(e) is amended by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (6). if a person so dismantling a vessel or marine structure finds polychlorinated biphenyls during the dismantling, then the person shall notify the Administrator.section 3(d) is amended by striking ""States, and any foreign country"" Section 7 of the Act is amended by striking ""States, and any foreign country"" section 7 of the Act is amended by striking subsection (d)Maritime Administration will make available to the public on the website of the Maritime Administration. a memorandum of agreement, memorandum of understanding, cooperative agreement, and similar agreement between the Maritime Administration and any other agency, department, or person. a document referred to in subsection (a) is signed by the parties. "
1225,"<pad> summarize:......................... the term ""covered land"" means the parcel consisting of approximately 512 acres. it consists of approximately 300 feet of the crest of the Cragin Dam and associated spillway. the term ""land management activity"" includes, with respect to the covered land, the management of recreation."
1226,"<pad> summarize: advisory panel is a panel established by the State to assist the chief State election official in entering into and carrying out an agreement with the Presidential designee. the panel will be bipartisan in nature and will reflect the various geographic regions of the State. the Presidential designee shall submit to Congress reports on the progress and outcomes of any pilot program conducted under this Act. he shall include in the reports such recommendations as the Presidential designee considers appropriate for further legislation and administrative action. ""chief state election official"" of a state is designated by the State under section 10 of the national Voter Registration Act of 1993. the term ""State"" includes the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, and the united states Virgin Islands. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended."
1227,"<pad> summarize: ""conveyed property"" means a reclamation project or a portion of a reclamation project or facility. ""eligible facility"" includes dams and appurtenant works, infrastructure, recreational facilities, buildings, distribution and drainage works. the term ""qualifying entity"" means a State, unit of local government, Indian tribe, municipal corporation, quasi-municipal corporation. the Secretary may establish a program that identifies and analyzes the potential for public benefits from the transfer out of Federal ownership of eligible facilities. the program facilitates the transfer to qualifying entities of the title to eligible facilities to promote more efficient management of water and water-related facilities. if a qualifying entity operates an eligible facility at the time that the Secretary attempts to facilitate the transfer of title under subsection (a)(2) is a qualifying entity. the Secretary shall complete all actions required under all applicable laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (2) the Endangered Species Act of 1973. and the National Historic Preservation Act of 1973...criteria established under subsection (a) shall include a requirement that a qualifying entity agree to accept title to the eligible facility. criteria established under subsection (a) shall include a requirement that a qualifying entity agree to accept title to the eligible facility. to accept all liability for the eligible facility except as otherwise provided in section 6.the united states shall retain the responsibilities and authorities of the united states for a conveyed property based on the prior ownership or operation of the conveyed property. the united states shall retain the responsibilities and authorities of the United States for a conveyed property based on the prior ownership or operation of the conveyed property by the United States under federal environmental laws. the conveyed property shall no longer be considered to be part of a reclamation project. the entity to which the conveyed property is conveyed shall not be eligible to receive any benefits with respect to the conveyed property. a conveyance of title under this Act must comply with federal, state, and local laws relating to conveyed property. Nothing in this Act shall affect or interfere with the laws of any State relating to the control, appropriation, use, or distribution of water used in irrigation or for any other purpose. in carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall proceed in conformity with the State laws and rights acquired under State law described in paragraph (1). AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as are necessary. Expenditures made by the Secretary under this Act shall not be a project cost assignable to a reclamation project. and shall be nonreimbursable. authority to carry out conveyances shall terminate 15 years after enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take place on january 1, 2015. enactment of this Act will take place on january 1, 2015. "
1228,"<pad> summarize: ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations. term ""clean and efficient energy technology"" means an energy supply or end-use technology compared to a similar technology already in widespread commercial use in a country. the term ""greenhouse gas"" means carbon dioxide, (B) methane, (C) nitrous oxide, (D) hydrofluorocarbons, (E) perfluorocarbons. the Secretary of State shall establish a Development and Commercialization Committee on Clean and Efficient energy technologies within the Program Office. the Committee shall be comprised of technical and policy experts from each of the Partnership Task Forces. the Committee shall review and evaluate available sources of information on clean and efficient energy technologies, including any action plans developed by the Partnership.report required under section 3(a)(1) shall include a description of the results of projects and activities carried out under this Act. report required under subsection (a) shall include a description of the actions taken to carry out the duties required under section 3(a)(4). the review and evaluation of sources of information on clean and efficient energy technologies required under section 3(a)(4)(A) there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of State to carry out this Act $200,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2014. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of State to carry out this Act. "
1229,<pad> summarize: a person filing a disclosure must include a detailed description of the elements of the policy. the disclosure shall describe the greatest risks identified within its supply chain. the disclosure shall specify whether the verification was conducted by a third party.
1230,"<pad> summarize: Section 1861 of the social security act is amended by adding at the end a new subsection. the term 'continuous glucose monitoring device' means a class III medical device approved by the Food and Drug Administration that continuously monitors and trends glucose levels in body fluid. such term includes components, accessories, and supplies that are necessary and related to the operation of the class III medical device, such as sensors, transmitters, receivers, and requisite software."
1231,"<pad> summarize: a sun grant center may not recover the indirect costs of making a grant. a sun grant center may not recover the indirect costs of making a grant. the sun grant centers shall jointly develop and submit to the Secretary for approval. section 305(b) of the biomass Research and Development Act of 2000 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs and (5) respectively. section 306(b)(1) is amended in subparagraph (I), by striking ""(3)"" and inserting ""(4)"""
1232,<pad> summarize: Section 1861(m) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (7). substitute adult day care services are defined as items and services referred to. substitute adult day care services may not exceed 95 percent of the amount estimated to be payable if subsection (a) had not been enacted.
1233,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Commonwealth"" means the Commonwealth of Virginia. the term ""Fort"" means the third system fortification historically referred to as ""Fortress Monroe"" the term ""historic area"" means any land, cultural landscapes, buildings, or structures that are located within the Fort and adjacent to the outside perimeter.fort Monroe National Historical Park is established in the Commonwealth a unit of the National Park System. the park will be comprised of the Fort, the historic resources, and the natural and recreational resources. the park will provide land and water-based recreational opportunities at the Park.the Secretary shall administer the Park in accordance with this Act. unless otherwise provided, nothing in this Act enlarges, diminishes, or modifies any authority of the United States to exercise civil and criminal jurisdiction within the Park. if the Secretary determines that sufficient historic resources and natural and recreational resources have been acquired to constitute a manageable unit. if the Secretary determines that the visitor experience would be enhanced and result in cost efficiencies, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you can use this information to make an informed decision. "
1234,"<pad> summarize: Section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 is amended by striking ""$5,000,000"" and inserting ""$10,000,000"". if amended. if amended. if amended. if amended. section 3(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 USC. 80a- 3(c)) is amended in paragraph (1) by inserting after ""issuer"" after the first place it appears ""and the company is or (but for the exceptions set forth in this paragraph and paragraph ) would be an investment company"" section 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 USC. 80a- 2(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. 'Qualified purchaser' means any natural person who owns at least $10,000,000 in securities of issuers. 'Qualified purchaser' means any natural person who owns at least $10,000,000 in securities of issuers.section 3(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (USC. 80a- 3(a)) is amended in the last sentence by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting: ""(C) securities issued by any majority-owned subsidiary of the owner, unless such subsidiary is an investment company""a company is not engaged in the business of issuing redeemable securities. the company does not purchase any security issued by an investment company. the company does not purchase any security issued by a registered investment company. a company that is rated investment grade by at least 1 nationally recognized statistical rating organization.Section 6(d)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 is amended by striking ""$100,000"" and inserting ""$10,000,000,"" or such other amount as the Commission may set by rule, regulation, or order.Section 2(a)(46)(C) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 is amended in clause (ii) by striking ""or"" at the end, (2) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv) it has total assets of not more than $4,000,000 and capital and surplus of not more than $2,000,000, except that the Commission may adjust such amounts by rule, regulation, or order to reflect changes. Section 2(a)(48)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end. a business development company need not make available significant managerial assistance with respect to any company described in section 2(a)(46)(C)(iii.section 55(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 is amended. it is striking ""or from any person"" and inserting ""from any other person"" if applicable. if applicable. if applicable.section 64(b)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 USC. 80a-63(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ""and capital structure"" after ""portfolio"". if amended, the 'and capital structure' should be incorporated into the Act."
1235,"<pad> summarize: section 36 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 35 the following new section relating to section 36. if an individual is married at the close of the taxable year, the credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) only if the taxpayer and his spouse file a joint return for the taxable year. if an individual has not been continuously so insured during the 1-year period ending on the date the application is made, the amount health insurance costs. health insurance costs..................... section 7527 is amended by inserting a new item relating to section 7527. the amendment shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. "
1236,<pad> summarize: Section 8 of the national science foundation Authorization Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following: Partnerships for access to laboratory science described in section 10A. the partnerships for access to laboratory science described in section 10A. a high-need local educational agency is eligible to receive a grant under this section. a high-need local educational agency is required to submit an application. the director shall evaluate the program established under this section.
1237,"<pad> summarize: congress should take steps to ensure that every member of the reserve and the member's family have health care benefits that are adequate to ease the transition of the member from civilian life to full-time military life during a mobilization of reserve forces. to minimize the adverse effects of a mobilization on the member's ability to provide for the member's family to have ready access to adequate health care. the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to carry out a study of the needs of members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces and their families for health care benefits. the report will include the following matters: Descriptions, and an analysis, of how members of the Selected Reserve and their dependents currently obtain coverage for health care benefits."
1238,"<pad> summarize: the term of office of each person who is a member shall expire on the 90th day following such date of enactment of this Act. each person appointed as a member of the Commission thereafter shall be a resident of White County, Illinois, or Posey County, Indiana. ANNUAL RAPPORT. Submission. The Commission shall submit an annual report covering its operations and fiscal transactions during the preceding fiscal year and its financial condition. the Secretary shall review such annual reports and audit reports submitted under section 1(b) of this Act and shall make recommendations based upon such review.authority is granted to transfer all functions, powers, duties, responsibilities, authority, assets, liability, obligations, books, records, property, and equipment of the Commission. such transfer shall be carried out in a manner as may be prescribed or authorized by the laws of the states. members and employees of the Commission shall not be treated as Federal officers and employees. members of the Commission shall each be entitled to a per diem compensation for their services of $20 for each day actually spent in the business of the Commission. the maximum per diem compensation of the chairman in any 1 year shall not exceed $3,000."
1239,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible individual' means an individual whose principal place of abode was in the opt-out State for the entire taxable year. 'eligible individual' does not include any individual if a deduction under section 151 with respect to such individual is allowed to another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the second preceding taxable year. 'eligible individual' does not include any individual if a deduction under Opt-out state education credit. ""opt-out state education credit""................the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1240,"<pad> summarize: Section 1851(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-21(a)(3)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting ""eligible individual"" Section 1859(b)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-22(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""may waive"" and all that follows through ""subparagraph and"""
1241,"<pad> summarize: regulations required to be met by a community-based financial literacy program. regulations required to be met by a qualified community-based financial literacy program. programs include saving for retirement, managing credit, long-term care, estate planning.a new section is amended by adding at the end the following new item. the term 'eligible small business' means any small business which provides without charge a qualified continuing financial education program to its employees throughout the taxable year. the term 'eligible small business' means any educational program or services which is described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section eligible small business or an eligible corporation will be given a preference if submitting a bid or proposal for the contract or applying for such assistance. the term ""eligible small business"" has the meaning provided in section 45R(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ""qualified continuing financial education program"" has the meaning provided in section 45R(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986."
1242,"<pad> summarize: teachers, administrators, and other educational laypersons may significantly impact the educational development of their children in their care. parents are primarily responsible for the educational, societal, and personal development of their children. parents are best suited for determining the appropriate time, manner, and context for conveying sensitive information to their children. the terms ""elementary school"", ""local educational agency"", ""parent"", ""secondary school"", and ""State educational agency"" have the meanings given in section 9101 of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. the term ""educational institution"" means any public or private preschool, elementary school, or secondary school. in the case of an educational institution composed of more than 1 school or department which are administratively separate units, such term means each such school or a parent of a child attending such an educational institution will obtain the affirmative, informed, written consent of the parent of a child in the care of the educational institution prior to requesting information from the child. a description of the context and setting in which the information will be requested, broached, discussed, or otherwise conveyed to the child. if a person or educational institution violates this section, the court shall immediately notify the appropriate local section 445(b) of general education provisions Act is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). ""be required, as part of any applicable program, to"" and ""relating to an applicable program"" after ""evaluation"""
1243,"<pad> summarize: the analyses for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 41713 the following: ""41714. Reduction of US citizenship voting interest ownership requirement""."
1244,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 1861 of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ""and"" at the end. section 1833(a)(1) of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end. section 1842 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395l(a)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause."
1245,"<pad> summarize: more than 20,000,000 people currently living in the united states trace their roots to Mexico. the history of these courageous people must be better documented and incorporated into the larger history of the United States. historically, El Paso, Texas, has been the largest port of entry for people immigrating to the United States from Mexico. if land is made available to or by the University of Texas at El Paso. land referred to in subsection (a) is land within the boundary of the city of El Paso, Texas. if the university agrees to the location, by the city of El Paso.grant will be granted to the University of Texas at El Paso. the grant includes planning, design, construction, furnishing, and startup expenses. a plan for the design of exhibits, including collections to be exhibited, preservation, protection, environmental controls, security, and presentations. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2004. all sums authorized to be appropriated shall remain available for expenditure through fiscal year 2008. if appropriated for each fiscal year 2005-2008, it will remain available for expenditure through fiscal year 2008."
1246,"<pad> summarize: the Congress finds that it is desirable to make funds available from individual retirement plans to encourage first-time home ownership. the tax and penalty on the premature withdrawal of funds from individual retirement plans are substantial impediments to making such funds available for that purpose. it is the policy of the Congress to remove impediments to home investment by first-time homebuyers.section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: Special Rule for Home Equity Participation Arrangements. the prohibitions provided in subsection shall not apply to any qualified home equity participation arrangement. a qualified home purchase loan is not applicable to any individual retirement plans. the term 'qualified home purchase loan' means a loan made by the trustee of an individual retirement plan at the direction of the individual on whose behalf such plan is established. a qualified home purchase loan is not applicable to a qualified home purchase loan made by an individual retirement plan."
1247,"<pad> summarize: a fee of $1,500 is imposed on a railroad carrier that transports Class 3 flammable liquids. the fee may not be imposed on a railroad carrier that transports Class 3 flammable liquids. the Secretary may use a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States government a reasonable amount. FINAL RULE ON OIL SPILL RESPONSE PLANS is issued a final rule relating to the notice of proposed rulemaking issued on July 29, 2016. enactment of this Act will be a final rule relating to the notice of proposed rulemaking. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration to hire a minimum of 2 additional track safety specialists per region. a minimum of 2 additional track safety specialists per region may be required. the secretary of transportation will send an assessment of the adequacy of railroad track inspections, including the frequency of inspections. he will also send an evaluation on the leading causes of track defects, particularly along routes where passenger trains, high-hazard flammable trains, or trains carrying poisonous or toxic-by-inhalation materials, explosives."
1248,"<pad> summarize:......................... the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection shall, not later than 90 days after the receipt of the request described in subsection (b), liquidate or reliquidate the entries described in subsection (d) at a rate of duty of 1.9 cents per kilogram plus 1.5 percent ad valorem. any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry described in subsection (d) shall be re"
1249,"<pad> summarize: a congress finds all women are at risk for breast cancer. there are 180,200 new cases of breast cancer in the united states. 2,000 on long Island, new york, alone. discriminatory pricing by major drug manufacturers sustain annual profits of $20,000,000,000. the discriminatory pricing by major drug manufacturers sustain their annual profits of $20,000,000,000. participating manufacturers of a covered outpatient drug will make available for purchase by each pharmacy such covered outpatient drug in the amount described in subsection (b) at the price described in subsection (c) the amount of a covered outpatient drug that a participating manufacturer shall make available for purchase is an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the covered outpatient drug sold or distributed by the pharmacy to Medicare beneficiaries. the lowest price paid for the covered outpatient drug by any agency or department the amount of a covered outpatient drug that a participating manufacturer shall make available for purchase by a pharmacy under section 3 shall be included in the calculation of such amount the amount of the covered outpatient drug sold or distributed by a pharmacy to a hospice program. in calculating such amount, only amounts of the covered outpatient drug furnished to a Medicare beneficiary enrolled in the hospice program shall be included. the Secretary shall issue such regulations as may be necessary to implement this Act. he shall issue such regulations as may be necessary to implement this Act. he shall issue such regulations as may be necessary. he shall issue such regulations as may be necessary. the Secretary shall report to the congress about the effectiveness of this Act. the act protects Medicare beneficiaries from discriminatory pricing by drug manufacturers. he will include in such reports any recommendations they consider appropriate for changes in this Act to further reduce the cost of covered outpatient drugs to Medicare beneficiaries. ""participating manufacturer"" means any manufacturer of drugs or biologicals. the term ""covered outpatient drug"" has the meaning given that term in section 1927(k)(2) of the Social Security Act. the term ""hospice program"" has the meaning given that term under section 1861(dd)(2) of the Social Security Act. the Secretary shall implement this Act as expeditiously as practicable. he shall implement this Act in a manner consistent with the obligations of the united states. he shall implement this Act as expeditiously as practicable and in a manner consistent with the obligations of the united states. the secretary of health and human services shall conduct a study on women diagnosed with breast cancer. the study will analyze the effect that the lack of prescription drug coverage has on the life expectancy of such women. by not later than a year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under subsection (a). "
1250,"<pad> summarize: section 325(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following. a negotiation for a replacement or extended retransmission consent agreement reaches an impasse that results in the expiration of the carriage rights. section 325(b) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 325(b) is amended by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and inserting after paragraph (6) the following. a television broadcast station that elects to exercise its right to grant retransmission consent under this subsection may not enter into a retransmission consent agreement.federal Communications Commission completes rulemaking proceeding to determine if retransmission consent negotiations are a failure to negotiate in good faith. retransmission consent agreements are blocked in good faith. retransmission consent agreements have been enacted.Section 623(b)(7)(A) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 543(b)(7)(A)) is amended by striking clause (iii) Retransmission consent service tier consists only of the signal of each tv broadcast station electing retransmission consent under section 325(b) that is carried on the cable system. for the first year that begins after the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. each year thereafter, the Federal Communications Commission shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report. "
1251,"<pad> summarize: the term ""behavioral health provider"" means an individual specializing in substance use, addiction, and dependence disorders. the term ""behavioral health provider"" has the same meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965.the Council shall develop and revise not later than 1 year after the enactment of this section. recommendations shall identify the core competencies to be required of each type of health care professional and behavioral health provider. the appropriate methods for incorporating such competencies into the accreditation process for institutions of higher education. the recommendations shall identify current and future needs related to the successful integration core competencies for mental health and substance use prevention and treatment. the Secretary may make grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to public or private nonprofit entities. to receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to entities that propose to implement continuing education in interdisciplinary settings. or in collaboration with a diverse representation of health care professionals and behavioral health providers who have no direct affiliation with the receiving entity as determined by the Secretary. "
1252,"<pad> summarize: functional gastrointestinal and motility disorders are characterized by chronic symptoms in the GI tract. symptoms include pain or discomfort, nausea, vomiting, constipation, incontinence, problems in the passage of food or feces. the severity of FGIMDs ranges from mildly uncomfortable to debilitating and in some cases life-threatening. the economic impact of FGIMDs is high.NIH may expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the National Institutes of Health. the director of NIH may expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the National Institutes of Health. he may expand basic and clinical research into FGIMDs by implementing the research recommendations. part B of title III of the Public Health Service Act is amended. ""the Secretary may engage in public awareness and education activities"" such activities may include the distribution of print, film, and web-based materials targeting health care providers and the public. sally kohn: senate should continue and accelerate efforts to improve development and oversight of treatment options for FGIMDs. kohn: enhancing the commitment to emerging efforts like the Patient Reported Outcomes Consortium to expedite medical device and drug development, study appropriate balance between risk and patient benefit. kohn: if feda does not provide effective treatment options, it is time to take action."
1253,"<pad> summarize: a covered entity means, with respect to certified EHR technology (as defined in section 1848(o) and a year, any of the following: Meaningful ehr users. an eligible professional (as defined in paragraph (5) of section 1848) determined to be a meaningful EHR user under paragraph (2) of such section. an eligible hospital (as defined in paragraph (5) of section 1886) determined to be a meaningful EHR user a covered entity may submit to a Patient Safety Organization as defined in section 921 of the Public Health Service Act information on EHR-related adverse events with respect to certified EHR technology as applicable. the utilization of patient safety work product shall be for the purpose of providing direct feedback and assistance to covered entities to effectively minimize patient risk. a certified EHR's shall not be considered a device for purposes of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. electronic discovery shall be limited to information that is related to such adverse event. information from the period in which such adverse event occurred. electronic discovery shall be limited to information that is related to such adverse event. a health care lawsuit against a covered entity is filed. a claimant may not commence a health care lawsuit against a covered entity on any date that is 3 years after the date of manifestation of injury or 1 year after the claimant discovers the injury, whichever occurs first. this limitation shall be tolled to the extent that the claimant is able to prove fraud, (ii) intentional concealment, or the presence of a foreign body, which has no therapeutic or diagnostic purpose or effect, in the person term ""health care liability action"" means a demand by a health care provider, a health care organization or the manufacturer, distributor, marketer, promoter, or seller of a medical product. the term ""health care liability action"" means a civil action brought in a State or federal court or pursuant to an alternative dispute resolution system. the term ""health care liability action"" means a demand by any person, whether or not pursuant to alternative"
1254,"<pad> summarize: a change in risk premium rates for flood insurance under the National Flood Insurance Program shall not take effect until March 1, 2015. a change in risk premium rates for flood insurance will not take effect until march 1, 2015. if enacted as part of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012.Section 100236d of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 is amended. ""there"" and ""amounts not otherwise obligated"" are added. ""from the National Flood Insurance Fund, of amounts not otherwise obligated, not more than $750,000""policyholder of flood insurance coverage under this title shall be eligible to make monthly payments of premiums only if all of the following conditions are met. the policyholder agrees to permit payment using electronic fund transfer or automatic withdrawals from a checking account, savings account, or credit card. the policyholder agrees to permit payment of the monthly premiums using electronic fund transfer or automatic withdrawals."
1255,"<pad> summarize: Section 202(b)(1) of such Act (42 USC. 402(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""and ending with the month in which such child dies or with the month"" and inserting ""(E), (G), or (I)"" in the matter following subparagraph (F) Section 202(c)(5)(B) of such Act (42 USC. 402(f)(1)) is amended by striking ""and section 203(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. determining maximum family benefits under section 215 deemed to be in section 215. the benefit payable to such individual for that month shall be disregarded.the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted. the amendments shall apply with respect to deaths occurring after the month in which this Act is enacted."
1256,"<pad> summarize: soaring medical liability premiums have led specialists to reduce or stop on-call services to hospital emergency departments. soaring medical liability premiums have led specialists to reduce or stop on-call services. soaring medical liability premiums have led specialists to reduce or stop on-call services to hospital emergency departments. enumerated in section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the united states. this Act rests the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare, regulate commerce, and make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution Federal powers. Section 224(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 233(g) is amended in paragraph (4). the term <unk> post stabilization services' means a physician or physician group that is employed by, is under contract with, or is an on-call provider of such hospital or emergency department, to provide services to individuals under such section. if the total amount of payments that would otherwise be made under this paragraph for such fiscal year"
1257,"<pad> summarize: if a claim is filed under this subsection, the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased by the aggregate amount of such payments. if a claim is filed within 45 days of the date of the filing of such claim, the amount of credit allowed under this section shall not exceed the amount allowed for such taxable year."
1258,"<pad> summarize: 80% of people over age 85 have a functional limitation or chronic health care condition requiring care. 80% of people over age 85 have a functional limitation or chronic health care condition requiring care. long-term care is expected to place a huge burden on state Medicaid. section 224 is amended by redesignating section 224 as section 225. it is amended by inserting after section 223 the following new section. the applicable percentage shall be determined in accordance with the following table. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004.a taxpayer shall be treated as an eligible caregiver for any taxable year. a taxpayer must be treated as the eligible caregiver if a taxable year ends with or within the same calendar year. if a taxpayer has a written declaration under section 151(c)(1)(A), a taxpayer must be treated as the eligible caregiver. Section 303(e)(1) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 USC. 3023(e)(1)) is amended by striking ""$125,000,000 for fiscal year 2001"" and inserting ""$250,000,000 for fiscal year 2005"" "
1259,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall make available to the public the following information. an overview of the laws and regulations related to individual retirement arrangements, including limits on contributions. a statement that any failure to remit any taxes owed may result in an audit. a notice issued under this subsection may not be considered as initiating an audit.section 4973 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Reduction of Tax in Certain Cases. the term 'correction window' means the period beginning on the date on which the tax under subsection (a) is imposed with respect to an excess contribution. in the case of a taxpayer who corrects, during the correction window, an excess contribution that was made to an individual retirement arrangement resulted in section 408 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. a person who is not required to file an income tax return for the year in which the act giving rise to such liability is imposed. a person who is not required to file an income tax return for the year in which the act giving rise to such liability is imposed. a person who is not required to file an income tax return for the year in which the act giving rise to the term ""individual retirement arrangement"" means an individual retirement account, an individual retirement annuity, and a Roth IRA. the term means an individual retirement annuity, and a Roth IRA. it is amended by redesignating subsection (r) as subsection (s) this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. a taxpayer may, at any time before or during the transition period, file a written request for a waiver under section 4974(d) of such Code, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. a correction window referred to in sections 4973(i) and 4974"
1260,"<pad> summarize: Section 11 of the federal financial assistance management improvement Act of 1999 is amended in the section heading. ""and sunset"" is amended by striking ""and shall cease to be effective 8 years after such date of enactment"". if applicable.section 6 of federal financial assistance management improvement Act of 1999 is amended by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections and (g), respectively. the director shall establish and maintain a public website that serves as a central point of information and access for applicants for Federal grants. the website established under this subsection shall include, at a minimum, for each Federal grant the grant announcement. the director shall establish and maintain a public website that serves as federal financial assistance management improvement Act of 1999 is amended by striking section 7 and inserting the following: ""Section 7. EVALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION. In general. Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of the Federal Financial Assistance Management Improvement Act of 2008, the Director shall submit to Congress a report regarding the implementation of this Act.section 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 amended by this Act. director submits strategic plan to congress identifying federal financial assistance programs based on common or similar purposes of the Federal financial assistance. establishing common applications and financial and performance reporting forms and requirements for the Federal financial assistance programs identified under paragraph (1)."
1261,"<pad> summarize: Section 4007 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 is amended by striking ""june 2, 2010"" each place it appears and inserting ""September 30, 2010"" Section 2005 of the Assistance for unemployed workers and Struggling Families Act, as contained in Public Law 111-5, is amended by striking ""November 6, 2010"" and inserting ""March 1, 2011""section 3001 of division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 is amended by striking ""May 31, 2010"" and inserting ""September 30, 2010"" Rules related to 2010 extension. in the case of an individual who experiences a qualifying event related to a termination of employment on or after June 1, 2010, rules similar to those in paragraphs (4)(A) and (7)(C) shall apply with respect to all continuation coverage, including State continuation coverage programs Section 1012 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2010 is amended. it was amended by section 6 of the Continuing Extension Act of 2010. it is amended by striking ""May 31, 2010"" and inserting ""September 30, 2010"".the unobligated balance of each amount appropriated or made available is rescinded pro rata. the aggregate amount of such rescissions equals $27,000,000,000 in order to offset the net increase in spending resulting from the provisions of sections 2 through 4. budgetary effects determined by reference to the latest statement titled ""Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation"" this Act, with the exception of section 5, is designated as an emergency for purposes of pay-as-you-go principles. this Act, with the exception of section 5, is designated as an emergency for purposes of pay-as-you-go principles. "
1262,"<pad> summarize: a national emergency exists that threatens the survival of essential rail transportation infrastructure - especially infrastructure serving rural areas of the country. a failure to address the growing crisis will result in rail line abandonments which will lead to a degradation of safety, increase environmental damage and further economically disadvantage rural areas of the country. traditional funding techniques are unable to keep pace with the rail infrastructure investment needs in rural areas. the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a program to preserve, rehabilitate, and improve rail tracks and bridges of Class II and III freight railroads. the Secretary shall allocate funds made available to carry out this section to entities making applications to the Secretary for such funds, including State and local governments, government-sponsored authorities and corporations. the Secretary shall give priority to applications that propose the rehabilitation or improvement of track and bridges to a condition sufficient to accommodate 286,000"
1263,"<pad> summarize: sen. martin mccarthy: people have a right to participate in decisions that affect them. mccarthy: people have a right to participate in decisions that affect them. mccarthy: if people have a right to participate in decisions that affect them. mccarthy: if people have a right to participate in decisions that affect them. the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide technical assistance to the States of Maine, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont to organize marketing cooperatives of willing landowners to collectively grow, process, prepare for market, and market raw forest products in interstate and foreign commerce.the secretary of agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall provide technical assistance in working with the forest products industry, forest- dependent communities, interested citizens, and scientists. principles of sustainability may include maintenance of soil productivity, (2) conservation of water quality, riparian zones. principles may include maintenance of soil productivity, (2) conservation of water quality, wetlands, and riparian zones.the secretary of agriculture is acting through the Northeast Forest Experiment Station and other programs administered by the Chief of the Forest Service. he cooperates with the states of Maine, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont. he is responsible for collecting, coordinating, and promoting research at those universities.representatives of a State may include the State forester, commissioner of forestry, or equivalent officer with responsibility for setting forestry policy for the State. representatives of a state may include the State forester, commissioner of forestry, or equivalent officer with responsibility for setting forestry policy for the State.the secretary of labor provides technical assistance to forest-based industry groups to improve workplace safety. encourage the development of equipment and methods of timber harvesting that are safer than those currently in use, profitable, and environmentally compatible. if you are interested, please contact the forest service on 08457 90 90 90.the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall provide technical and financial assistance for the planning and acquisition of land and easements. criteria: Conservation of and access to outstanding recreational values such as hunting, fishing, trapping, trapping, camping, boating, and hiking opportunities. the potential of losing any of the values described in paragraphs (1) through (4) as the result of conversion of land to a nonforest use. congress finds that many landowners allow free access by the general public to private lands for recreational purposes. landowners shouldn't be liable for acts based on ownership of undeveloped land. states should enact laws that protect forest land owners from liability of responsible use of private lands by citizens who use private lands free of charge.congress finds that private landowners often manage their lands in ways that produce a variety of public benefits including wildlife habitat. there should be more incentives for private landowners to exceed current forest management standards and responsibilities under federal laws. congress should make it a priority to consider legislation that create a funding mechanism to support the conservation of nongame fish and wildlife. there is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000 such sums as are necessary to carry out sections 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 of this Act and section 2371 of the Rural Economic Development Act of 1990."
1264,"<pad> summarize: england as OFFICIAL LANGUAGE is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter. ""162. Official Government activities in English,"" 164. Exceptions. unless specifically stated in applicable law, no person has a right, entitlement, or claim to have the Government of the United States act, communicate, perform or provide services, or provide materials in any language other than English."
1265,"<pad> summarize: a child's account number under section 251 of title 5, United States Code is enacted. a child's account is identified to the account holder by means of the account holder's social security account number. a child's account number may not be enacted unless a child's age is 18."
1266,<pad> summarize: a decision of the arbitration board shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties of the arbitration. a decision of the arbitration board shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties of the arbitration. a decision of the arbitration board shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties of the arbitration. a decision of the arbitration board shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties of the arbitration.
1267,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""1107. Health care coverage through Federal Employees Health Benefits program FEHBP Option"" the secretary of defense shall enter into an agreement with the Office of Personnel Management under which a Medicare-eligible covered beneficiary will be offered an opportunity to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5."
1268,"<pad> summarize: enactment of this Act will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. if enactment of this Act is not effective, it may be unlawful to knowingly deceive any other person relating to an election described in subparagraph (B)if a report is received within 72 hours of an election, the Assistant Attorney General shall immediately investigate such report. if he determines that an act of deception described in subsection (a) occurred, the Assistant Attorney General shall undertake all effective measures necessary to provide correct information to voters affected by the deception. if a report under subsection (a) is received within 72 hours of an election."
1269,<pad> summarize: racial minorities and low-income populations experience higher exposures to hazardous waste facilities. epa report released in 1992 found that racial minorities and low-income populations experience higher than average exposures to selected air pollutants. a petition under subsection (a) shall be submitted to the Administrator or the State. the petition shall be submitted in accordance with regulations implementing this section. a petition under subsection (a) stays the issuance of a permit for the facility concerned. if petitioner establishes there is no alternative location within the State for the proposed facility.
1270,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to ensure that the resources of the United States International Trade Commission are focused on protecting genuine domestic industries, to restore confidence with the trading partners of the United States that the Commission will not be a duplicative forum for enforcing intellectual property rights. section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended as follows. if a person joins a complaint under oath, the Commission may not rely on activities by its licensees. the commission may determine whether the exclusion of the articles under investigation would not be in the interest of the public."
1271,"<pad> summarize: over 6,000,000 adults met criteria for a gambling problem last year. problem gambling is associated with higher incidences of bankruptcy, domestic abuse, and suicide. people who engage in problem gambling have high rates of co-occurring substance abuse and mental health disorders. Section 501(d) of the public health service Act is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (17) and inserting "", and"" at the end of paragraph (17) and adding: establish and implement programs for the identification, prevention, and treatment of pathological and other problem gambling. Title V of the public health service Act is amended by redesignating part G. section 581 through 584 of section 596 through 596C enacted into law. in carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall carry out a national campaign to increase knowledge. "
1272,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall maintain an information system. the information system required by subsection (a) not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. a toll-free telephone number is used to provide veterans of the Persian Gulf War and their family members with information.the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify each individual listed in the Registry. surviving spouse, children, or parents of such an individual may be affected. surviving spouse, children, or parents of such an individual may be affected. Section 1710(e)(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""December 31, 1994"" and inserting ""December 31, 1998"". Outpatient care. Section 1712(a)(1)(D) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""December 31, 1994"" and inserting ""December 31, 1998""Section 121(a) of the Veterans' Medical Programs Amendments of 1992 is amended by striking ""September 30, 1994"" and inserting ""December 31, 1998"" Authorization of Appropriations. Section 121(g) of the Veterans' Medical Programs Amendments of 1992 is amended by striking ""September 30, 1994"" and inserting ""December 31, 1998"""
1273,"<pad> summarize: child-labor laws in the united states are subjected to a new subsection. if a minor suffers death or an injury or illness resulting in lost work time of at least 1 working day. if a minor suffers death or an injury or illness resulting in lost work time of at least 1 working day, not later than 5 days after the death, injury, or illness, the employer shall provide to the State agency a written the term'minor' means an individual under the age of 18. a minor must submit to the appropriate state agency an application. a certificate of employment issued to a minor under this subsection shall be valid for 1 year after the date of issuance. child labor orders will apply to minors who are at least 17 years of age. such exemption would be limited to 20 percent of the minor's work in any workday and may not exceed 5 percent of the minor's work in any workweek. such exemption would be limited to 20 percent of the minor's work in any workday. section 16 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. a person who willfully violates the provisions of section 12 relating to child labor may be punished. if the conviction is for a willful violation committed after a first conviction of the person, the person shall be punished. section 16e is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). a person who willfully violates the provisions of section 12 relating to child labor is ineligible. a person who willfully violates the provisions of section 12 relating to child labor is ineligible. an action to recover such relief may be brought against any employer. an action to recover such relief may be brought against any employer. an action to recover such relief may be brought against any employer in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction by any employee subject to the protections of section 12. secretary of Labor must establish a referral system with employees. a referral system will be established with employees of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. the Advisory Committee for Child Labor will provide policy advice on matters referred to in subsection (c) the Secretary of Labor shall publish and disseminate the names and addresses of each person who has willfully violated the provisions of section 12 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 relating to child labor or any regulation under such section and the types of violations committed by such person. the Secretary shall post and otherwise make available to affected school districts the name of each employer who violated the provisions of section 12 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 relating to child labor provisions of sections 12 and 16(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 shall apply to employers regardless of the annual dollar volume of sales. certain enterprises are exempted from coverage under such Act. if certain enterprises are exempted from coverage under such Act, they will be exempted.section 3(l) (29 USC. 203(l)) is amended by striking ""or"" before ""(2)"" and inserting before the semicolon the following new paragraph. section 13 is amended in subsection (a)(6), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following paragraph: "", except that this paragraph shall not apply to an employee described in section 3(l)(3)"" the secretary of labor shall issue such regulations as necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. if you have any questions, please contact the secretary of labor if you have any questions relating to this Act.amendments made by sections 2 and 5 may be necessary for additional costs resulting from amendments. amendments may be necessary for additional costs resulting from amendments. amendments to sections 5 and 2 may be necessary. if amendments are made, they may be appropriated to the Secretary of Labor. "
1274,"<pad> summarize: a state promulgates a set of standards to protect human health and the environment. if a State does not promulgate such siting standards, the Administrator shall promulgate such standards with respect to the State. the standards include adverse geologic settings such as flood plains and seismic impact zones, unstable terrain such as karst terrain.Section 3006 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act is amended by adding at the end the following: State Program Support. at least every 2 years the Administrator shall review each authorized State program to determine if the program is in compliance with this subsection.QUALIFICATIONS OF PERMITTEES is amended by adding at the end the following: Qualifications of Permittees. a person may not obtain a permit for any facility under this title or renew any such permit, obtain authorization to expand the facility, or transfer ownership of the facility to any other person unless the person demonstrates the following with respect to the person, any firm engaged to operate the facility, and any firms controlled by the"
1275,<pad> summarize: re-refined lubricating oil production credit determined under this section is equal to 20 cents per gallon of qualified lubricating oil produced by the taxpayer during the taxable year. the term <unk> qualified facility' means a qualified refinery (as defined in section 179C(d))
1276,"<pad> summarize: a multiple-stage graduated licensing system for young drivers is amended. it makes it unlawful for a person under age 21 to operate a motor vehicle. the system provides for a learning stage of at least six months and an intermediate stage of at least 6 months. nhs chief is the director. he is responsible for coordinating motor vehicle driver training and licensing programs. to develop and make available a recommended motor vehicle driver education and licensing curriculum. to provide States with technical assistance for the implementation of the motor vehicle driver education and licensing curriculum.the secretary of transportation shall promulgate the regulations under section 30201(b) of title 49, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), not later than October 1, 2004. the regulations shall authorize use of grant proceeds for the grant program under this section. the regulations shall, at a minimum, authorize use of grant proceeds.the secretary shall administer the program under this section through the Director of the National Office of Driver Training. he shall prescribe in regulations the eligibility requirements, application and approval procedures and standards, and authorized uses of grant proceeds for the grant program under this section. he shall promulgate regulations under section 30201(b) of title 49, United States Code. the Secretary shall complete the study not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. report based on the results of the study under this section not later than 2 years after the study is completed. "
1277,"<pad> summarize: iraq's governing body has enacted a law governing availability for work, active search for work, or refusal to accept work. iraq's governing body has ruled that a'suitable work' would not be applicable.the secretary of labor shall establish and carry out an annual survey identifying the characteristics of temporary workers in the united states. the relationship between such workers and the establishments at which such workers are temporarily employed. if appropriate, the relationship between such workers and their permanent employers. Section 202(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 USC. 1052(a)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. Section 203(b)(1)(A) of such Act (29 USC. 1053(b)(3) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph. Section 204(b)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end"
1278,"<pad> summarize:......................... CERTAIN ENTRIES OF SALMON shall, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment, liquidate or reliquidate the entries listed in subsection (b) without assessment of antidumping duties or interest and shall refund any antidumping duties or interest which were previously paid on such entries."
1279,"<pad> summarize: ""improper payment"" has the meaning given the term in section 2. ""questionable transaction"" means a charge card transaction that appears to be high risk due to non-compliance with applicable law, regulation or policy. ""strategic sourcing"" means analyzing and modifying spending patterns. the director of the office of management and budget develops a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. these analytics may employ existing General Services Administration capabilities, and may be in conjunction with agencies' capabilities, for the purpose of identifying examples or patterns of questionable transactions. and recovering improper payments made with purchase and travel cards.guidance issued under subsection (a) requires federal agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to appropriate management levels within agencies. the guidance issued under subsection (a) shall require relevant officials at Federal agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appropriate management levels within the agencies. the guidance issued under subsection (a) shall require relevant officials at Federal agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appropriate management levels within the agencies. purchase and travel charge card data management group to develop best practices. best practices developed under subsection (a) shall cover rules, edits, and task order or contract modifications related to charge card-issuing banks. includes review of accounts payable information and purchase and travel card transaction data of agencies for the purpose of identifying potential strategic sourcing. a year after the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for General Services shall submit a report to Congress identifying and exploring further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for General Services shall submit a report to Congress on the implementation of this Act. "
1280,"<pad> summarize: a new title has been added to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002. it is unlawful for any insurer to deny any person life insurance based upon the intent of such person to engage in lawful foreign travel. it is unlawful for any insurer to charge rates for life insurance which are excessive or unfairly discriminatory in relation to the actuarial risk associated with future lawful foreign travel of such person. the secretary of the Treasury shall issue regulations required by section 406 of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002. it will expire the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. the table of contents in section 1(b) is amended by adding at the end the following new items. ""TITLE IV FAIRNESS FOR LIFE INSURANCE PURCHASERS"" ""Section 402. Prohibition against discrimination in life insurance policies based on future foreign travel plans"""
1281,"<pad> summarize: border seizures of methamphetamine almost doubled between 2000 and 2004. as much as 75 to 85% of the methamphetamine used in the u.s. is made from precursors in the international stream of commerce. the goal should be directed toward curbing the spread of methamphetamine abuse and manufacture. a state or eligible private entity desiring a grant under the Border Technology Grants Program may make grants to states and eligible private entities to use technology or aerial surveillance to detect methamphetamine and its precursors on the border of the united states. a State or eligible private entity desiring a grant under the Border Technology Grants Program shall demonstrate that the project incorporates a viable use of technology or aerial surveillance to detect active methamphe ephedrine, ephedrine, and similar chemicals in multilateral or bilateral negotiations. ephedrine, ephedrine and other chemicals are illegally used. ephedrine, ephedrine and other chemicals are illegally shipped. METHAMPHETAMINE EFFORTS ON INDIAN RESERVATIONS. the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress relating to methamphetamine trafficking and abuse. he will submit a report to Congress about problems faced by Indian reservations located on or near the border of the united states."
1282,"<pad> summarize: the phrase ""no taxation without representation"" was a rallying cry of many american colonists. the slogan gained widespread notoriety after the passage of the Sugar Act. the idea that there should be no taxation without representation dated back even further. a bona fide resident of the District of Columbia may not be able to re-evaluate gross income. if an individual is a bona fide resident, gross income will not include income derived from sources within the District of Columbia. if an individual is a bona fide resident of the district of Columbia during the entire taxable year."
1283,"<pad> summarize: section 2(a) (16 USC. 1801(a) is amended by adding at the end the following. section 2(c) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting "", and"" by adding at the end the following new paragraph. section 3 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term 'Pacific Insular Area' means American Samoa, Guam, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. the term 'Pacific Insular Area' means american Samoa, Guam, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.section 201(a)(1) (16 USC. 1821(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: is authorized under subsection (b) or (c) or under a permit issued under section 204(d). a PIAFA shall become effective according to the procedures of section 203. the Secretary of State may not negotiate a PIAFA with a country that is in violation of a governing international fishery agreement in Section 304 is further amended by adding at the end: Pacific Insular Area Fees. the Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement with the Governor of a Pacific Insular Area under which the Pacific Insular Area may administer a permit system and collect fees authorized under a fishery management plan for fisheries off the Pacific Insular Area pursuant to section 303(b)(1).Section 311 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: enforcement in the Insular Areas. the Secretary, in consultation with the Governors of the Pacific Insular Areas, shall, to the greatest extent practicable, support cooperative enforcement agreements between federal and Pacific Insular Area authorities.section 307(2)(B) (16 USC. 1857(2)(B)) is amended by striking ""204(b) or (c)"" and inserting ""204(b), (c), or (e)"". section 311(g)(1) (16 USC. 1861(g)(1))"
1284,"<pad> summarize: section 472 of the social security act is amended in subsection (a)(2)(C) by striking ""or"" and inserting a parent residing in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse. a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 474(a)(1) may be eligible for the payments if such treatment setting was not available.the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2017. Transition Rule. In general, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act. each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. in the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium, the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines is necessary for the tribe"
1285,"<pad> summarize: FEDERAL HANDGUN REGISTRATION SYSTEM APPLYS IN ALL STATES NOT ESTABLISHING STATE HANDGUN REGISTRATION SYSTEM that MEETS CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS. a federal handgun registration system must be established by the Attorney General under section 3(a) and the amendment made by section 3(b) shall apply in any State during any period in which the a federal handgun registration system is established based on information sufficient to identify each resident of each State to which this subsection applies. the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to conduct engaged in 2 or more years after the date of the enactment of this Act. a federal handgun registration system contains information sufficient to identify each resident who owns, possesses, or controls a handgun.the Attorney General shall order the termination of all assistance under each of parts D, E, and G of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to each State and each recipient in such State during any period in which the Federal handgun registration system established under section 3(a) of this Act applies to such State. the term ""handgun"" means a pistol or revolver originally designed to be fired by the use of a single hand. the term ""State"" includes the District of Columbia and the territories and possessions of the united states. "
1286,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings and definitions........................ Interagency Agricultural Water Quality Policy Working Group. interagency Agricultural Water Quality Policy Working Group. a report from the agri-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro- Advisory committee to address agriculture-related water quality issues....................other aspects of leadership role of department of agriculture. department of agri and agri-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro-agro- maintaining privacy of personal data received by Department of Agriculture and data gathering locations................... Agricultural water quality programs.......................federal agencies are continuing to increase the paperwork and financial burden on farmers and ranchers through regulatory requirements based on these studies. the majority of farmers and ranchers voluntarily manage their land in ways that protect the productivity and quality of their soil.the Interagency Working Group is to establish an executive branch working group. it will provide advice and recommendations on the integration and coordination of Federal water quality policy affecting private agricultural lands and other rural lands. the Interagency Working Group may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Interagency Working Group considers appropriate. advisory committee to address agriculture-related water quality issues. advisory committee will be comprised of representatives of the agriculture industry, agricultural producers, employees of the Department of Agriculture, research scientists from colleges and universities. advisory committee shall advise the Secretary of agriculture on all major agriculture-related water quality issues. the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure cooperation between the Department of Agriculture and other Federal agencies in research activities regarding agriculture-related water quality. he shall ensure that the results of any agriculture-related water quality research conducted by Federal agencies be based on sound science and not report any erroneous data with respect to agriculture-related water quality. information or data provided to the Department of Agriculture by a person for the purpose of receiving technical advice or other assistance shall remain confidential to the agency providing the advice or assistance. this information and data are deemed to be commercial or financial information that is privileged or confidential. natural resource conservation plans developed by or for a landowner or operator under an education or natural resource conservation program or authority administered by the Secretary of Agriculture shall not be released by any person or agency. section 208(j) of the federal water pollution control act is amended in paragraph (1). by striking ""Soil Conservation Service"" and inserting ""Natural Resources Conservation Service"" there are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Agriculture such sums as may be necessary to carry out this subsection for fiscal years 2000 through 2010. "
1287,"<pad> summarize: the term ""city"" means the city of Taunton, Massachusetts. ""Secretary"" means the state of Massachusetts. the term ""Secretary"" means the state of Massachusetts. ""secretary"" means the state of Massachusetts."
1288,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 309 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Donation. if a political committee intends to return any contribution or donation given to the political committee, the committee shall transfer the contribution or donation to the Commission if the contribution or donation is in an amount equal to or greater than $500. if the contribution or donation was made in violation of section 315, 316, 317, 319, or 320,"
1289,"<pad> summarize: section 303(a) of the federal land policy and management Act of 1976 (43 USC. 1733(a)), as amended by section 1(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. in the case of a regulation issued under this subsection regarding the use of fire by individuals on the public lands, if the violation was the result of reckless conduct, occurred in an area subject to a complete ban on open fires"
1290,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 13 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1310 the following new item relating to section 1311 Continuing appropriations. if any regular appropriation bill for a fiscal year does not become law, there are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. if the corresponding regular appropriation bill for such preceding fiscal year did not become law, then in a joint resolution making"
1291,"<pad> summarize: Section 713 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new item: ""713. Bonus Review Board Establishment"" the bonus review board shall review proposed ratings, bonuses, and pay adjustments for covered employees. the Secretary may not award a rating, bonus, or pay adjustment to any covered employee."
1292,<pad> summarize: Section 1861 of the Social Security Act is amended by adding at the end a new subsection. the term 'intensive lifestyle treatment program' means a physician-supervised program. items and services may be furnished in a series of 72 one-hour sessions. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS is the sense of the Congress that the services provided under a intensive lifestyle treatment program would benefit individuals with chronic diseases enrolled in the Medicare Program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
1293,"<pad> summarize: the congress finds that conditions inherent to traveling performances subject exotic and wild animals to compromised welfare and chronic stress. the frequent mobility of traveling performances complicates oversight such that agencies and authorities cannot properly monitor, evaluate, or follow through regarding the condition of animals or facilities.a performance of an exotic animal or wild animal is prohibited. the term 'exotic animal' means any animal that is not a domestic animal or farm animal. the term 'traveling animal act' means any animal that is not a domestic animal or farm animal. the term 'traveling animal act' means any animal that is not a domestic animal or farm animal.this Act shall not be construed to limit any other federal, state, or local law or rule that more strictly protects the welfare of animals. the provisions of this Act shall be interpreted to be are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other laws protecting animal welfare. this Act shall not be construed to limit any other Federal, State, or local law or rule that more strictly protects the welfare of animals. the amendments to this Act will take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1294,"<pad> summarize: a tax imposed under subsection (a) with respect to any covered transaction shall be 0.03 percent of the specified base amount with respect to such covered transaction. the term <unk> covered transaction' means except as provided in paragraph (2), any purchase if such purchase occurs or is cleared on a facility located in the United States. Exceptions for initial issues. No tax shall be imposed under subsection (a) on any covered transaction with respect to the initial issuance"
1295,"<pad> summarize: a qualified low-income school contribution shall be deemed to be made on the last day of the preceding taxable year if the contribution is made on account of such taxable year and is made not later than the time prescribed by law for filing the return for such taxable year. the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1999. Section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (m) as subsection (n) and by inserting after subsection (l) the following new subsection: Deduction for Individuals Not Itemizing Deductions. in the case of an individual who does not itemize his deductions, there shall be taken into account as a direct charitable deduction under section 63 an amount equal to the lesser of the amount allowable as a deduction under Section 170(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""50 percent"" each place it appears and inserting ""75 percent"" the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1999.section 4943(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: Rule where voting stock is publicly traded. if the private foundation and all disqualified persons together do not own more than the 49 percent in value of all outstanding shares of all classes of stock of an incorporated business enterprise, the voting stock owned by the private foundation and all disqualified persons together is stock for which market quotations are readily available on"
1296,"<pad> summarize: the islands of Tutuila and Manua were ceded by the chiefs of the islands to the united states by 2 treaties ratified on April 10, 1900, and July 16, 1904. there is a need for a comprehensive study and review of the historical and legal bases of American Samoa's status and political relationship with the United States compared to other relationships such as commonwealth, free association.ESTABLISHMENT is a commission to be known as the ""American Samoa Study Commission"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""American Samoa Study Commission"". ESTABLISHMENT. a single document is needed to set forth American Samoa's political status and relationship with the United States. it will be the duty of the Commission to study and evaluate all factors that led to American Samoa's historical and present political status and relationship with the United States. a single document is needed to set forth American Samoa's political status and relationship with the United States. the Commission shall be composed of 5 members appointed as follows: 3 members appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, including 1 member appointed from among individuals recommended by the legislature of the Territorial government of American Samoa. 1 member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 1 member appointed by the President of the Senate. Terms. Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. each member shall be paid, to the extent of amounts made available in appropri the director and staff may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the maximum rate of basic pay payable for GS-16 of the General Schedule. Upon the request of the Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis.the Commission shall conduct at least 1 hearing at any location on each of Tutuila. if authorized by the Commission, it may take other actions to obtain public participation. if authorized by the Commission, it may secure from any Federal agency information necessary to enable it to carry out this Act.draft report will contain findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Commission. draft report will be distributed to appropriate federal and American Samoan agencies. draft report will be available to members of the public upon request. draft report will include detailed statement of findings, conclusions, and recommendations. ""American Samoan"" has the meaning given the term ""native American Samoan"" in section 4 of public law 100- 571. the term ""American Samoa Study Commission"" is established in section 3.there is authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. if necessary there is a reasonable amount of money owed to the taxpayer. if the sums are appropriated, it will be appropriated.TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION."
1297,"<pad> summarize: increase in number of federal air marshals. not less than 1,750 additional federal air marshals will be hired and deployed. Congressional Intent aims to increase the number of inbound flights with federal air marshals.federal air marshals hired after such date may not be required to complete criminal investigative training program. a federal air marshal hired before such date may not be required to repeat such program. a federal air marshal who has previously completed the criminal investigative training program may not be required to repeat such program. a federal air marshal who has previously completed the criminal investigative training program may not be required to repeat such program. Section 44917 of title 49, United States Code is further amended by adding at the end: Ombudsman. Establishment. The Assistant Secretary shall establish in the Federal Air Marshal Service an Office of the Ombudsman. Appointment. The head of the Office shall be the Ombudsman, who shall be appointed by the Assistant Secretary.the department of homeland security has increased by not less than an additional 1,750 federal air marshals. the report will include a summary of disciplinary personnel actions implemented against Federal air marshals by the department of homeland security and complaints and lawsuits filed by Federal air marshals against the Department or its agents.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and subsections (d) and (e) of section 44917 of title 49, United States Code, $190,000,000 for fiscal year 2011 and $172,000,000 for fiscal year 2012."
1298,"<pad> summarize: in 2016, 71,600 women will die of lung cancer. 71,600 women will die of lung cancer a day. two-thirds of never-smokers diagnosed with lung cancer are women. women are at greater risk of being diagnosed with lung cancer at young ages.sally kohn: there is a disparate impact of lung cancer on women. kohn: the implementation of lung cancer preventive services for women should be accelerated. kohn: if women have never smoked lung cancer, they should be able to prevent lung cancer. the secretary of health and human services shall conduct an interagency study. it will include a review and comprehensive report on the outcomes of previous research. recommendations for a collaborative, interagency, multidisciplinary, and innovative research program."
1299,"<pad> summarize: the amendments will take effect on April 1, 2001. the amendments will take effect on or after January 1, 2001. the amendments will take effect on or after January 1, 2001. the amendments will take effect on or after January 1, 2001."
1300,"<pad> summarize: infantile autism and autism spectrum disorders are biologically-based neurodevelopmental diseases that cause severe impairments in language and communication. there is little information on the prevalence of autism and other pervasive developmental disabilities in the united states. there have never been any national prevalence studies in the united states.NIH's director shall expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the National Institutes of Health with respect to research on autism. each center under subsection (1) shall conduct basic and clinical research into the cause, diagnosis, early detection, prevention, control, and treatment of autism. the director shall under subsection (1) make awards of grants and contracts to public or nonprofit private entities to pay all or part of the cost of planning, establishing, improving, and providing basic operating the Secretary shall establish and implement a program to provide information and education on autism to health professionals and the general public, including information and education on advances in the diagnosis and treatment of autism. stipends may be used to provide stipends for health professionals who are enrolled in training programs under this section. to carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2000 through 2004.the secretary shall establish a committee to be known as the ""Autism Coordinating Committee"" the committee will be composed of ex officio members in accordance with paragraph (2) and 11 appointed members in accordance with paragraph (3). five members shall be representatives of the 5 national organizations whose primary emphasis is on autism and other pervasive developmental disabilities. not later than January 1, 2000. each January 1 thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress. he will also prepare and submit a report concerning the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act."
1301,"<pad> summarize: it is unlawful for a person purchasing livestock, poultry, or a basic agricultural commodity. it shall be unlawful to acquire directly or indirectly the voting securities or assets. annual net sales of such livestock, poultry, or basic agricultural commodity exceeds $1,000,000,000.a person in the business of purchasing livestock, poultry, or a basic agricultural commodity for wholesale resale either unprocessed or processed files a notification under section 7A of the Clayton Act. such person shall file simultaneously with the Secretary a notice in accordance with rules issued by the Secretary, that such person has filed such notification. the Secretary shall publish promptly in the Federal Register a copy of each notice received under subsection (a), accept public sections 4B, 4C, 4E, 4F, 4G, 4H, 12, 13, 15, and 16 of the Clayton Act apply with respect to a violation of section 2 in the same manner as such sections apply with respect to a violation of the antitrust laws.special counsel for agriculture may be appointed by the Attorney General only after the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date the Attorney General publishes in the Federal Register the name of the individual proposed to be appointed. he may be appointed by the Attorney General only after the expiration of the 30-day period beginning on the date the Attorney General publishes in the Federal Register the name of the individual proposed to be appointed. he may request public comment with respect to the Comptroller General shall conduct a study and make findings and recommendations relating to whether the Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyard Administration needs additional resources. the report will be submitted to congress on the study, findings, and recommendations required by subsection (a) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. the term ""antitrust laws"" has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of the 1st section of the Clayton Act (15 USC. 12(a)) for purposes of this Act the term ""antitrust laws"" has the meaning given such term in subsection (a) of the 1st section of the Clayton Act (15 USC. 12(a)) "
1302,"<pad> summarize: the Equal Access to Justice Act, established in 1980, includes statutory reporting requirements to Congress on administration and payments funded through the Act. payments authorized by EAJA have continued every year without Congressional oversight. the department of justice ceased reporting to Congress on EAJA payments and administration in 1995. Section 504(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1), by striking ""After consultation with the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States, each"" and inserting ""Each"" the report shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, a justification for awards exceeding the cap provided in subsection (b)(1)(A), and any other relevant information that may aid the Congress the Comptroller General shall commence an audit of the Equal Access to Justice Act for the years 1995 through the end of the calendar year in which this Act is enacted. not later than 1 year after the end of the calendar year in which this Act is enacted, complete such audit."
1303,"<pad> summarize: Section 8401 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of paragraph (31) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (32) and inserting a semicolon. the duties of whose position are primarily to enforce laws and regulations governing the importing and exporting of merchandise. the duties of whose position are primarily to enforce laws and regulations governing the importing and exporting of merchandise. this Act and the amendments made by this Act take effect on the 90th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments made by this Act shall be disregarded for purposes of any service performed before the effective date of this Act unless such individual deposits into the Fund, within such time and in such manner as the Office of Personnel Management by regulation requires. Exceeds the amounts actually deducted from such pay, with interest"
1304,<pad> summarize: 'lifetime income payments' shall not include 50 percent of the portion of such payments which would be includible in gross income under this section. for purposes of subparagraph (A) and (B) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph.
1305,"<pad> summarize: Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Disclosure of Certain Political Expenditures. Disclosure required. Each quarterly and annual report required under this section or section 15(d) shall include a disclosure of the total of any political expenditures in support of or in opposition to any candidate for Federal, State, or local public office made by the issuer during the preceding 6-year period. such disclosure must contain"
1306,"<pad> summarize: incarcerated juveniles are significantly less likely to complete secondary school. incarcerated juveniles are more likely to recidivate and be incarcerated as adults. incarcerated juveniles are less likely to complete secondary school. incarcerated juveniles are more likely to recidivate and be incarcerated.a director appointed by the Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention aims to reduce the number of juveniles incarcerated and develop a criminal record based on activity that occurs while the juvenile is at school. a state, unit of local government, or local educational agency seeking a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner. the director may make grants to States, units section 1702(c) is amended in paragraph (10), by striking ""and"" at the end. in the case of an applicant that is a State or unit of local government, provide assurances that the administration of juvenile justice in the applicant's jurisdiction is consistent with any requirements of the United States Constitution. Section 210401 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is amended by adding at the end: Access to Certain Records Relating to Juvenile Justice. The Attorney General may issue subpoenas requiring the production of any documents which the Attorney General is authorized to investigate under subsection (a). eligible entities must submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner. an eligible entity may only receive assistance under this section during a grant period from 1 eligible entity receiving a grant under this section during the grant period. the term ""eligible entity"" means a state, unit of general local government, or juvenile justice agency. "
1307,"<pad> summarize: the Administrator shall carry out the pilot program in a manner consistent with the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Approach Framework issued by the Environmental Protection Agency and dated May 2012. eligible municipalities are a county, city, town, township, or subdivision of a State or local government that qualifies as a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit holder or designee. eligible municipalities with a history of knowledgeable, detailed, and comprehensive"
1308,"<pad> summarize:......................... a national rail infrastructure program may be cited as the ""National Rail Infrastructure Program Act"" a project shall not be funded under this title unless it is included in a long-range transportation plan prepared under section 135 of title 23, United States Code. a project shall not be funded under this title unless it is included in a long-range transportation plan prepared under section 135 of title 23, United States Code. if a payment subject to tax"
1309,"<pad> summarize: 6,500,000 children are in after school programs but 15,300,000 would participate if such a program were available. after school programs inspire learning. a growing body of research also suggests that children who participate in after school programs are more likely to stay in school. the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision. there are no amendments or repealed provisions of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. a section or other provision may be amended or repealed. Section 4201 is amended by striking paragraph (1). and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (3). u.s.-based agencies are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary. "
1310,"<pad> summarize: section 462 of the homeland security act of 2002 is amended in subsection (b)(1) in subparagraph (K), by striking "", and"" at the end. in subsection (b)(2) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows. the director shall coordinate with appropriate juvenile justice professionals. he will notify relevant state and local governments of the decision to place an unaccompanied alien child with a sponsor."
1311,"<pad> summarize: the preamble to the Act of June 7, 1956 is amended as follows. by striking ""and"" at the end of each clause, inserting a semicolon. ""whereas the Lumbee Indians of Robeson and adjoining counties in North Carolina are descendants of coastal North Carolina Indian tribes, principally Cheraw. ""whereas since 1885 the State of North Carolina has recognized the Lumbee Indians as an Indian tribe the Act of June 7, 1956 is amended as follows. by striking the last sentence of the first section. by inserting the following new sections. if you are unsure, please contact the FEDERAL RECOGNITION page. the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina is designated as petitioner number 65. any group of Indians in Robeson and adjoining counties, north Carolina, may petition under part 83 of title 25 of the Code of Federal Regulations for acknowledgment of tribal existence.a federally recognized tribal roll defines the service population of the Tribe based on their status as members of a federally recognized tribe. a federally recognized tribal roll defines the service population of the Tribe based on their status as members of a federally recognized tribe. the Secretary may take land into trust for the Lumbee Tribe pursuant to this Act. he may take land within Robeson County, North Carolina, into trust. the tribe may not conduct gaming activities as a matter of claimed inherent authority. the state of North Carolina shall exercise jurisdiction over all criminal offenses committed on lands located within the State of North Carolina that are owned or held in trust by the United States. such transfer may not take effect until 2 years after the effective date of the agreement. the provisions of this section shall not affect the application.there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act................ "
1312,"<pad> summarize: certain lands in the Jefferson National Forest comprise approximately 3,769 acres. certain lands comprise approximately 3,226 acres. certain lands comprise approximately 3,226 acres. certain lands in the Jefferson National Forest comprise approximately 3,226 acres. lands comprise approximately 6,455 acres, as generally depicted on a map dated March 23, 2005. lands in the Jefferson National Forest comprise approximately 5,503 acres. lands are established for the purposes of ensuring the protection and preservation of scenic quality, water quality, natural characteristics, and water resources. if there is any discrepancy between the acreage specified in paragraph (1) and the map filed under this paragraph, the map shall control the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to develop trails to provide a continuous connection for nonmotorized travel. he is authorized to develop trails to provide a continuous connection for nonmotorized travel. he is authorized to develop trails to provide a continuous connection for nonmotorized travel."
1313,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of defense may not authorize the sale, resale, or donation of identification Friend or Foe equipment or accessories. the sale or donation of Identification Friend or Foe equipment or accessories by the Department of Defense is prohibited.section 701 of title 18, United States Code is amended by striking ""Whoever"" and inserting ""(a) Agency Badges, Identification Cards, or Other Insignia. Whoever"". whoever manufactures, sells, or possesses any identification friend or foe equipment or accessories, except as authorized under regulations made pursuant to law. amendments to this section take effect 30 days after enactment of this Act. amendments will take effect 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act enacts a new section of this section. "
1314,"<pad> summarize: amendment or repeal of section or other provisions may be made. reference shall be considered to be made to section or other provision. obama's amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of amendment or repeal. obama'the absence of uniform warnings for personal protective equipment for occupational uses causes confusion among employers and their employees. there is ambiguity between state requirements, prohibitions, and court decisions. the absence of federal standards specifying warnings for personal protective equipment for occupational uses leaves questions as to the adequacy of such warnings to be determined. this act aims to increase workplace safety by enhancing employer and employee understanding of the proper use and limits of personal protective equipment for occupational use through occupational safety and health standards. it expressly preempt the application of any State standards, requirements, or prohibitions in any determination of the adequacy of such uniform warnings. 'personal protective equipment' means equipment intended for use by workers in a workplace subject to this Act. each standard promulgated under paragraph (1) shall prescribe the full text of each warning described in such paragraph. each warning shall require the employer to communicate each prescribed warning to each employee. Section 4 amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. no State, or political subdivision of a State, may, by legislation, regulation, court decision, or otherwise establish or continue in effect, any standard, requirement, or prohibition for personal protective equipment. no State, or political subdivision of a State, may, by legislation, regulation, court decision, or otherwise establish or continue in effect, any standard, requirement, or prohibition."
1315,"<pad> summarize: COMMISSIONED OFFICERS whose pay is not above the rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule. a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of a total of Section 1409(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2), (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). paragraph (1) is amended by striking ""paragraphs (2) and ""paragraph (2)"" and ""paragraph (2)"" if the percent determined under paragraph (2) is less than 3 percent, the Secretary shall increase the retired pay of each member and former member who first became a member on or after August 1, 1986. "
1316,"<pad> summarize: high volume retail breeder defined. a dealer may apply for a license if a licensed veterinarian determines that a dog should not exercise. a determination described in subparagraph (a) shall be documented by the veterinarian. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate any regulations that the Secretary determines to be necessary to implement this Act and the amendments made by this Act. if enacted, the Secretary shall promulgate any regulations necessary to implement this Act and the modifications made by this Act. this Act or the amendments made by this Act preempt any law of a State. this Act or the amendments made by this Act preempt any law of a State. a political subdivision of a State, containing requirements that provide equivalent or greater protection for animals than the requirements of this Act. "
1317,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary is authorized to issue bonds under section 3102 of title 31, United States Code. Transportation Bonds shall be issued for each of the 50 States. Limitation. The aggregate amount of Transportation Bonds issued with respect to each State shall not exceed $2,000,000,000. rescission is made on the last day of the first quarter. on the last day of each quarter thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall calculate the dollar amount of bonds issued during any such quarter. the budget authority provided in any advance appropriation for any discretionary account in any prior year appropriation Act. rescission shall be applied proportionately to each discretionary account."
1318,"<pad> summarize: term ""catastrophic credit loss"" means all potential credit loss that exceeds both expected and unexpected credit loss. term ""counterparty risk"" means, with regard to an enterprise, the risk that any person contractually obligated to the enterprise will fail to perform in accordance with the terms of the contractual obligation. the pilot program will allow enterprises to transfer credit risk based on a pari passu basis. the pilot program will last a minimum of 3 years after the first transfer of catastrophic credit loss. if the director determines that the pilot program is economically unreasonable.a credit risk transfer transaction entered into by an enterprise shall not be treated as a ""taxable mortgage pool"" for purposes of section 7701(i) of the Code. the amendments made by paragraph shall apply in the case of any credit risk transfer transaction and any financial instrument issued by the enterprise as part of a credit risk transfer transaction that is outstanding."
1319,"<pad> summarize: Section 1101(a)(8)(A) of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century is amended by striking ""(B) Reservation. Of the amounts"" and all that follows through ""to replace,"" and inserting the following: Funding. Reservation of funds. the term 'Indian tribe' has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act. the term'reservation' means an Indian reservation in the state of Oklahoma that existed at any time before, but is no longer in existence as of, the date of enactment of this subsection."
1320,"<pad> summarize: an estimated 5,300,000 americans live with a disability as a result of brain injury. an estimated 5,300,000 americans live with a disability as a result of brain injury. the annual cost to society is estimated conservatively at $38,700,000,000. section 393A(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 280b- 1b(b)) is amended in paragraph (1). by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (2) in paragraph (2), inserting "", and"" Section 4 of Public Law 104-166 is amended in subsection (a)(1)(a) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: determine the incidence and prevalence of traumatic brain injury in all age groups in the general population of the united states, including institutional setting. Section 1261(d)(4) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 300d-61(d)(4)) is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""degree of injury"" and inserting ""degree of brain injury"" in subparagraph (B), by striking ""injury treatment"" and inserting ""brain injury treatment"" a state may use amounts received under a grant under this section. state agencies must demonstrate or obtain knowledge of traumatic brain injury. a state may use amounts received under a grant under this section to leverage state resources."
1321,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE is the purpose of this Act to establish a program that enables college-bound residents to have greater choices among institutions of higher education. the program aims to establish a program that enables college-bound residents to have greater choices among institutions of higher education. the term ""eligible student"" has the meaning given in section 481 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""eligible student"" means an individual who has been a resident of the District of Columbia for not less than the 12 consecutive months preceding the academic year. if additional sums become available for that fiscal year, the reduced grant amount shall be ratably reduced. the Secretary of Education may provide financial assistance to the University of the district of Columbia. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. the Secretary may award grants on behalf of each eligible student enrolled in an eligible institution. a grant amount is not greater than $2,000 for each eligible student per academic year. the Secretary shall prorate grant awards under this section for students who attend school on less than a full time basis. "
1322,"<pad> summarize: 'qualifying business entity' means any equity investment if the aggregate amount of such investments made during the taxable year is $25,000 or more. 'qualifying business entity' means any domestic corporation or partnership if such corporation or partnership has its headquarters in the united states. 'qualifying business entity' means an accredited investor if the aggregate amount of such investments made during the taxable year is $25,000 or more, such investment is acquired solely in exchange"
1323,"<pad> summarize: an MA broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph. the term 'business combination related shell company' means a company. the company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be registered. if such broker does any of the following, the company will be able to obtain financing from an unaffiliated party. this Act and any amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the enactment of this Act. passed the house of representatives December 7, 2017. attest: KAREN L. HAAS. "
1324,"<pad> summarize: sanctions shall be imposed pursuant to paragraph on the foreign person with respect to which the President makes the determination described in that paragraph. sanctions shall be imposed pursuant to paragraph on the foreign person with respect to which the President makes the determination described in that paragraph. sanctions shall be imposed pursuant to paragraph (b) any successor entity to that foreign person. the provisions of section 2 shall not apply if the President determines and certifies that Iran has substantially improved its adherence to internationally recognized standards of human rights. a nuclear explosive device has ceased support for acts of international terrorism. enactment of this act requires the president to send a report to congressional committees. every 90 days, the president shall transmit a report describing the nuclear and other military capabilities of Iran. if any, the support provided by Iran for acts of international terrorism. ""act of international terrorism"" means an act which is violent or dangerous to human life. it appears to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the House of Representatives."
1325,"<pad> summarize:......................... tITLE I LITTLE ROCK NINE GOLD MEDALS Section 101. the minted coins are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. tITLE III JACKIE ROBINSON COMMEMORATIVE COIN Section 401."
1326,"<pad> summarize: the small business concern may provide at least 15 percent of the total cost of the project financed if the small business concern has been in operation for a period of 2 years or less. if the small business concern has been in operation for a period of 2 years or less. not more than 20 percent of loans made under this subsection in a fiscal year may be loans under this paragraph. the Administrator may make loans each fiscal year to small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans. not more than 20 percent of loans made under this subsection in a fiscal year may be loans under this paragraph. VETERAN CREDIT SCORE RELIEF is amended by redesignating section 45 as section 46 and inserting after section 44 the following. ""no decrease in credit score attributable to a violation of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act shall apply"""
1327,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Coordinator"" means the blue alert coordinator of the department of justice designated under section 4(a) the term ""Blue Alert plan"" means the plan of a state, unit of local government, or Federal agency participating in the network for the dissemination of information received as a Blue Alert. the Attorney General establishes a national Blue Alert communications network. a national network will be established within the department of justice. a network will be established to issue Blue Alert plans. a network will be established to facilitate and promote Blue Alert plans.the coordinator shall encourage states and units of local government to develop additional Blue Alert plans. a blue alert should only be issued with respect to a law enforcement officer if the law enforcement agency involved confirms the death or serious injury of the law enforcement officer. a blue alert should only be issued with respect to a law enforcement officer if the law enforcement agency involved confirms the death or death of the law enforcement officer.section 1701(b) of title I is amended in paragraph (16) by striking ""and"" at the end, (2) by redesignating paragraph (17) as paragraph (18) and inserting after paragraph (16) the following: ""(B) developing and implementing law enforcement programs, and associated equipment, relating to Blue Alert plans. And developing and implementing new technologies to improve the communication of Blue Alerts. Section 1001(a)(11) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended by adding at the end: (i) Of amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out part Q in any fiscal year, $10,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated for grants for the purposes described in section 1701(b)(17. amounts appropriated pursuant to clause (i) shall remain available until expended."
1328,<pad> summarize: a commission is established to be known as the Commission on the Advancement of Social Enterprise. it is not applicable to the Commission established under this subsection. members of the commission shall be composed of the following or their designees. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum.
1329,"<pad> summarize: Section 101 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 is amended by adding at the end: Active duty. the term <unk> active duty' means duty under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. the term'serious injury or illness' means a member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or a Reserve, assigned or attached"
1330,"<pad> summarize: Section 403A(a) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act (21 USC. 343-1(a) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of paragraph (4), by inserting a comma. no State or political subdivision of a State may establish or continue under any authority any notification requirement relating to a food that provides for a warning concerning the safety of the food. if the court conducting the"
1331,"<pad> summarize: the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act established a federal superfund trust fund for hazardous substances removal and remediation at sites across the nation. one in 4 Americans lives within 3 miles of a Superfund site. the expiration of the Superfund crude oil, chemical feedstock, and corporate taxes in 1995 has contributed to a funding shortfall.Section 4611(e) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Temporary tax increase for cleanup of certain superfund sites. amounts remaining in the Megasites and High Risk Sites Cleanup Account shall be available for making expenditures in accordance with section 4 of the Superfund Equity and Megasite Remediation Act of 2007. amounts in the Megasites Cleanup and High Risk Sites Account established under section 9507(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be used only for making expenditures in accordance with such section 9507(f). a response is cumulatively estimated to cost more than $50,000,000.epa administrator submits a report to the congress each year. each such report shall include, with respect to response actions at each site. a statement of the number of sites at which a hazardous substance has been identified. a statement of the total cost estimated for such response actions at each site."
1332,"<pad> summarize: if a record or information is inaccurate or incomplete, then not later than 10 days a request is made. a record or information is incomplete if it indicates that an arrest was made. a record or information does not include the disposition of that arrest."
1333,"<pad> summarize: the existing budget obscures the distinction between capital activities and operating activities. it is the purpose of this Act that the unified budget present a capital budget and an operating budget. it provides better and more relevant information on the revenues, expenses, and financing requirements of Government programs and activities. unified budget includes operating revenues, operating expenses and operating surplusdeficit. the unified budget includes all accounts, agencies, and functions. the unified budget includes all accounts, agencies, and functions. the unified budget is based on a consolidated budget.Section 1112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1) by inserting ""criteria, principles, and standards for determining the contents of the operating and capital budgets required under section 1105a of this title. the Comptroller General shall review and report to the Congress on the implementation of section 1105a of this title as the Comptroller General deems necessary. Title VII of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. not later than 12 months after the enactment of the Federal Budget Structure Act of 1991, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Transportation shall report to the House Committee on Public Works and Transportation and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. "
1334,"<pad> summarize: the temporary office of bankruptcy judge authorized for the district of Delaware by section 1223(b)(1)(C) of Public Law 109-8. the temporary office of bankruptcy judge authorized for the district of Delaware by section 1223(b)(1)(C) of Public Law 109-8. the temporary office of bankruptcy judge authorized for the district of Maryland by section 1223(b)(1)(F) of Public law 109-8.section 152(a)(2) of title 28 of title 28 of title 28 of the United States Code is amended in the item relating to the district of Delaware by striking ""1"" and inserting ""8"" and inserting ""10"", in the item relating to the middle district of Florida by striking ""5"" and inserting ""7"" in the item relating to the district of Maryland by striking ""4"" and inserting ""6"" in the item relating to the district"
1335,"<pad> summarize: section 3221 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Recapture. in general, an individual ceases to be a qualified individual with respect to the employer during the 1-year period beginning with the date the employee began work for the employer. amounts appropriated by the preceding sentence shall be transferred from the general fund at such times and in such manner as to replicate to the extent possible the transfers which would have occurred to such"
1336,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds that effective steps will be promoted if moratorium is imposed on new rulemaking actions. a moratorium is imposed and an inventory of such action is conducted. if a moratorium is imposed on new rulemaking actions, a moratorium is imposed.unless an exception is provided under section 5, the effectiveness of any regulatory rulemaking action taken or made effective during the moratorium period shall be suspended until the end of the moratorium period unless an exception is provided under section 5. Inventory of Rulemakings. not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall conduct an inventory and publish in the Federal Register a list of all regulatory rulemaking actions covered by subsection (a) taken deadline for regulatory rulemaking actions authorized or required before moratorium period is extended for 5 months or until the end of the moratorium period whichever is later. the term ""deadline"" means any date certain for fulfilling any obligation or exercising any authority established by or under any federal statute or regulation, or by or under any court order implementing any Federal statute or regulation.a waiver for a regulatory rulemaking action is (A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency, or (B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws. a waiver for the action is (A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency, or (B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws. the head of an agency shall publish in the Federal Register any action excluded because of a certification under section the term ""federal agency"" is defined in section 551(1) of title 5, united states code. the term ""moratorium period"" means the period of time beginning November 20, 1994. the term ""regulatory rulemaking action"" does not include the approval or prescription, on a case-by-case basis.no private right of action may be brought against any federal agency. this prohibition shall not affect any private right of action or remedy otherwise available under any other law. if you have a private right of action, you may be able to apply to any federal agency. this Act shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of law. application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. the remainder of this Act shall not be affected. if any provision of this Act, or the application of any provision of this Act to any person or circumstance, is held invalid, the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances.section 3(a) or 4(a) shall not apply to any of the following regulatory rulemaking actions : conditional release of textile imports suspected of being imported in violation of United States quotas. any action which the head of the relevant agency and the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs certify in writing is a substantive rule, interpretive rule, statement of agency policy, or notice of proposed rulemaking to interpret, implement, or administer the effective date may not occur before six months after the moratorium period. the term ""small business"" means any business with 100 or fewer employees. a rulemaking action is suspended or prohibited by this Act. if a rulemaking action is suspended or prohibited by this Act, the effective date may not occur before the end of the moratorium. "
1337,"<pad> summarize:......................... CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL TOYS ENTERED IN JULY 17 THROUGH OCTOBER 30, 2004. upon proper request filed within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection shall liquidate or reliquidate each entry described in subsection (a) as duty free. any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to a request for liquidation or re"
1338,"<pad> summarize: Section 1903(m)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act is amended. it applies to contracts between a State and a medicaid managed care entity. a health center in federally-assisted housing for the elderly constitutes a minimum of 25 percent of its residents.ESTABLISHMENT OF CLEARINGHOUSE FOR INFORMATION AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ON HEALTH CENTERS IN FEDERALLY-ASSISTED HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY. not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of health and human services shall establish a clearinghouse through which interested parties may receive information and technical assistance on the establishment and operation of the Secretary may make a grant under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved agrees that non-Federal contributions will be made toward such costs. if a fee is imposed for the provision of services under subsection (a), such fee will be made according to a schedule of fees that is made available to the public. if the applicant agrees that services under the grant will be provided in the language and cultural context most appropriate."
1339,"<pad> summarize: the terms ""employer"", ""participant"", ""beneficiary"", ""nonforfeitable"" and ""defined benefit plan"" have the meanings set forth in paragraph (10) of section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. annuity commences on the day after the later of the effective date set forth in section 12 or the date on which the qualified participant attains 65 years of age. Termination. the annuity of a qualified participant and the right thereto terminate at the end of the last calendar month preceding the date of the qualified participant's death. the annuity computed under this subsection in connection with an early terminated plan is equal to the excess of the product derived by multiplying $75 by the number of years of service of the qualified participant under the plan. the annuity computed under this subsection in connection with an early terminated plan is equal to the excess of the product derived by multiplying $75 by the number of years of service of the qualified participant under the plan. actuarial present application for an annuity under this Act shall be approved if the application includes evidence sufficient to establish that the applicant is a qualified participant or qualified spouse in connection with such plan. the Corporation may by regulation prescribe application forms which may be used by applicants for purposes of subsection (a) any such forms prescribed by the Corporation shall be made available to the public by the Corporation. the Corporation may by regulation prescribe application forms which may be used by applicants for purposes of subsection (a a person whose application for an annuity under this Act is denied pursuant to an initial determination by the Corporation is entitled to a reasonable time, but not less than 60 days after receipt of the written notice of denial described in section 5(d)(2). affidavits and other documentary evidence in support of the request, and affidavits and other documents in support of the request.civil action commenced under section 6 within 180 days after notice of decision. a civil action commenced under this section shall be brought in the district court of the united states for the judicial district in which the plaintiff resides. a judgment affirming, modifying, or reversing the decision is based. each annuity payable under this Act shall be payable as an annual amount. retroactive lump-sum payments for periods before the date on which the claim is approved. payment due an individual mentally incompetent or under other legal disability may be made to a guardian or other fiduciary.the Corporation may make such arrangements or agreements with other departments, agencies, or establishments of the united states for cooperation or mutual assistance in the performance of their respective functions under this Act. each department, agency, or establishment shall cooperate with the Corporation and provide such information and facilities as the Corporation may request.Regulations under this Act shall be prescribed by the Corporation in consultation. regulations under this Act shall be prescribed by the Corporation. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. the Corporation shall use moneys from the appropriate revolving funds established under section 4005 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to carry out its functions under this Act. transfer from trust funds consists of assets of terminated plans and employer liability payments amounts equal to the amounts needed to carry out its functions under this Act.the provisions of sections 10 and 11 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. special rule. the provisions of sections 10 and 11 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act."
1340,<pad> summarize: a private education loan is eligible to be refinancing under this section. a private education loan is eligible for refinancing under this section. a private education loan is eligible to be refinancing under this section. a private education loan is eligible to be refinancing under this section.
1341,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established in the legislative branch a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Long Term Social Security Solvency"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Commission on Long Term Social Security Solvency"" DUTY OF THE COMMISSION sends a special message 1 year after initial meeting. it includes recommendations and proposed legislation for achieving solvency in each of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund. such message shall be approved by at least 9 members of the Commission.(4) 3 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 3 shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. at least 1 appointed by each political party shall be an expert who is not an elected official or an officer or employee of the Federal Government. a co-chair of the Commission shall be designated by the Speaker of the House of Representatives at the time of the appointment. the commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. obtaining Official Data. The Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the United States, including the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Accountability Office. PERSONNEL. director will be paid at a rate of pay equivalent to the annual rate of basic pay for a comparable position paid under the Executive Schedule. the director may appoint and fix the pay of additional staff as the Director considers appropriate.TERMINATION shall be terminated not later than 60 days after submission of report described in section 3. the Commission shall terminate not later than 60 days after submission of the report described in section 3. the report will not be published until january 1. there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $2,000,000 to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $2,000,000 to carry out this Act. if you are able to carry out this Act, you should be aware of the aforementioned actions.approval bill may be introduced within the first five days of session. a motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. consideration in the senate shall not be in order."
1342,"<pad> summarize: Section 101(b) of the National Historic Preservation Act (16 USC. 470a(b) is amended by adding at the end. the State Historic Preservation Officer shall have no authority to require an applicant for Federal assistance, permit, or license to identify historic properties outside the undertaking's area of potential effects as determined by the Federal agency. section 101(c)(1) of the national Historic Preservation Act is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (D), (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph. Section 108 of the national Historic Preservation Act is amended by striking ""2005"" and inserting ""2015"". HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND. if you are interested in HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND. Section 201 of the national historic preservation act is amended in subsection (a)(4), by striking ""four"" and inserting ""paragraph (6)"" and inserting ""paragraph (6)"" a federal agency or a private entity will provide financial and administrative services. the national Historic Preservation Act is amended by inserting after section 215 the following new section. the Council may enter into a cooperative agreement with any Federal agency that administers a grant or assistance program. such cooperative agreements may include provisions that modify the selection criteria for a grant or assistance program."
1343,"<pad> summarize: the death rate for all cancers is 30 percent higher for African-americans than for whites. diabetes incidence is highest among Native Americans, at 15.9 percent. new cases of hepatitis and tuberculosis are higher in Asians and Pacific Islanders living in the united states than in whites. institute agrees to study extent of health disparities. factors that may contribute to inequities in such disparities. best practices and successful strategies aimed to reduce such disparities. potential opportunities for expanding or replicating such programs. the Secretary may award grants for disparities reduction activities. a grant under this subsection must contain at least a description of the population and public health concern the program will target and an outreach plan to ensure that the most in need populations will benefit.a payment and service delivery model includes incentives for reducing health disparities. a root-cause analysis of health disparity targeted for reduction. a proposal to make payments in some way contingent on a reduction in health disparities.""health disparity"" means disparity in the overall rate of disease incidence, prevalence, morbidity, mortality or survival rates compared to the health status of the general population. the term ""intervention"" means an activity taken by an entity on behalf of individuals or populations to reduce health disparities. "
1344,"<pad> summarize: the table of contents for the dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended. the item relates to section 113. it is inserted in the table of contents. the table of contents for the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act is amended. Section 112 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended. Section 113 is amended by striking ""large, interconnected bank holding companies"" and inserting ""which has been the subject of a final determination under section 113"" Section 163 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking ""with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $50,000,000,000"" each place such term appears and inserting ""which has been the subject of a final determination under section 113"" "
1345,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 103 of such title is amended by striking ""Guam, and the Virgin Islands"" and inserting ""and each Territory"" Section 109 of such title is amended by striking ""Guam, and the Virgin Islands"" and inserting ""or Territory"" Section 326 of such title is amended by striking ""Guam, and the Virgin Islands"" and inserting ""or Territory"""
1346,"<pad> summarize: over 60 percent of Hispanic and African-American women are classified as overweight and over 30 percent are classified as obese. racial and ethnic disparities in health factors contribute to racial disparities. community health workers are in unique position to reduce preventable morbidity and mortality, improve the quality of life and increase the utilization of preventive health services. grant grants may be used to promote positive health behaviors for women in target populations. grants may be used to educate, guide, and provide experiential learning opportunities. grants may be used to educate, guide, and provide outreach in a community setting. grant grants may be awarded to states or local or tribal units."
1347,"<pad> summarize: there is established within the national Science Foundation an Office of minority Serving Institution digital and wireless technology to carry out the provisions of this Act. the Office shall strengthen the national digital and wireless infrastructure by increasing national investment in telecommunications and technology infrastructure at eligible institutions. an eligible institution shall use a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. an eligible institution shall use a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement to acquire the equipment, instrumentation, networking capability, hardware and software, digital network technology, wireless technology, and infrastructure. an eligible institution must submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner accompanied by such information as the Director may reasonably require. the director shall establish an advisory council to advise the Director on the best approaches for involving eligible institutions in the activities described in section 3 and for reviewing and evaluating proposals submitted.the Director may not award a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement to an eligible institution under this Act unless such institution agrees that such institution will make available non-Federal contributions in an amount equal to 14 of the amount of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by the Director. the director waives the matching requirement for any institution or consortium with no endowment, or an endowment that has a current dollar value lower than $50,000,000 an eligible institution that receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this Act exceeds $2,500,000 will not be eligible to receive another grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this Act. each grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded under this Act shall be made to, and administered by, an eligible institution, even when it is awarded for the implementation of a consortium or joint project. each institution that receives a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement shall provide an annual report to the Director on its use of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. the director, in consultation with the secretary of education, shall review the reports provided under subsection (a) each year and evaluate the program authorized by section 3 on the basis of those reports every 2 years. the director shall describe the activities undertaken by those institutions and shall assess the short-range and long-range ""eligible institution"" means a historically black college or university. the term ""eligible institution"" means an institution described in section 326(e)(1)(A), (B), or (C) of that Act. the term ""Director"" means the Director of the national science foundation.the director of the National Science Foundation $250,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2004 through 2008 to carry out this Act. passed the Senate April 30, 2003. EMILY J. REYNOLDS, secretary of state. "
1348,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered wilderness"" means the wilderness area designated by this Act. the term ""covered wilderness"" means the wilderness area designated by this Act. the term ""covered wilderness"" means the wilderness area designated by this Act and wilderness study areas located near lands withdrawn for military use.Utah Test and Training Range in the state of. Utah is a unique and irreplaceable. national asset at the core. of the test and training mission of the department of defense. the Utah Test and Training Range and special use airspace withdrawn for military uses create unique management circumstances. the Secretary of the Interior shall develop, maintain, and revise land use plans based on section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. he shall prepare and transmit to the Secretary of the Interior an analysis of the military readiness and operational impacts of the proposed revision within six months of a request from the Secretary of the Interior.lands in Tooele County, UTAH are hereby withdrawn from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws. grazing of livestock is permitted within the Cedar Mountain Wilderness Area.land placed into trust for the Tribe under subsection (a) shall be administered in accordance with laws generally applicable to property held in trust by the United States for Indian Tribes. the land shall immediately revert to the administrative control of the Bureau of Land Management if the Tribe sells, or attempts to sell, any part of the land. no valid right-of-way, lease, permit, mining claim, grazing permit, water right, Section 2815 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2000 is amended by striking subsection (d). Section 2815 of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2000 is amended by striking subsection (d). Section 2815 of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2000 is amended by striking subsection (d)."
1349,"<pad> summarize: an estimated 13,500 children and adolescents under age 20 are diagnosed with cancer each year. in 1960, only 4 percent of children with cancer survived more than 5 years. today, cure rates have increased to over 80 percent for children and adolescents under 20.the Secretary may make a grant under this section to an eligible entity only if the entity agrees to use the grant to establish a pilot program to develop, study, or evaluate model systems for monitoring and caring for childhood cancer survivors. if the entity agrees to establish a pilot program to develop, study, or evaluate model systems for monitoring and caring for childhood cancer survivors. if the entity agrees to use the grant to establish a pilot program to develop section 417E of the public health service Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""research and awareness"" and inserting ""research, awareness, and survivorship"" the director of NIH, acting through the Director of the Institute, shall make grants to entities to conduct research relating to needs and outcomes of pediatric cancer survivors within minority or other medically underserved populations. research on late effects and follow-up care for pediatric cancer survivors. the Secretary shall grant to eligible entities to establish and operate a clinic for comprehensive, long-term, follow-up services for pediatric cancer survivors. in this section, the term <unk> eligible entity' means a school of medicine, a children's hospital, ""(3) a cancer center. or any other entity determined by the Secretary to have significant experience in treating pediatric, adolescent, and young adult cancer survivors and their families. "
1350,"<pad> summarize: drought, population increases, and environmental needs exacerbating water supply issues across the western united states. a report of the government Accountability Office dated 2006 identified significant issues with the Pine River Indian Irrigation Project. the report demonstrates that key facilities are severely deteriorated.the term ""Project"" means the Pine River Indian Irrigation Project. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""State"" means the State of Colorado. the term ""Tribal Council"" means the Southern Ute Indian Tribe.based on the results of the study, the Secretary shall develop a list of activities recommended to be implemented during the 10-year period beginning on the date of completion of the study to repair, rehabilitate, or reconstruct that irrigation infrastructure. factors for consideration. in general, the Secretary shall give priority to activities based on a review of the priority factors referred to in subparagraph (B) with respect to the activity, (ii) recommendations of the Tri if the activity is recommended for implementation on the list under section 4(a)(1)(B), the Secretary may provide grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with the Tribe to plan, design, construct, or otherwise implement any activity to repair, rehabilitate, reconstruct, or replace irrigation infrastructure of the Project. Assistance provided under subsection (a) shall not be used for any on-farm improvement. assistance provided under subsection (a) shall not be used for water rights of the Tribe are not affected by this Act. the water rights of the Tribe are not protected by federal or state law. a state water law does not preempt or affect any provision of water law of the state. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the study under section 4 $4,000,000. Irrigation Infrastructure Grants and Agreements. There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5 $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2015."
1351,"<pad> summarize: Section 11083 of such Act is amended by redesignating sections 11081 through 11087 as sections 11091 through 11097. the Secretary shall invest such portion of the assets of the D. C. Federal Pension Fund as is not in the judgment of the Secretary required to meet current withdrawals. Section 11 1570, D. C. Official Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: A. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act.Section 424(c)(21) of the district of Columbia home Rule Act is amended by striking ""systems"" and inserting: ""systems"" effective date. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2005 and each succeeding fiscal year. "
1352,"<pad> summarize: REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION OF REVISION section 48 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows.. section 48 of title 18 is amended to read as follows.. section 48 of title 18 is amended to read as follows..animal crush videos are unlawful for any person to knowingly create an animal crush video. it shall be unlawful for any person to knowingly sell, market, advertise, exchange, or distribute an animal crush video outside of the united states. this section does not apply with regard to any conduct that injures or kills an animal."
1353,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this Act is to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate the exchange of land between the united states, pitkin County, Colorado, and the Aspen Valley Land Trust. PURPOSE. this Act is to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate the exchange of land between the United States, Pitkin County, Colorado, and the Aspen Valley Land Trust. the term ""Aspen Valley Land Trust"" includes any successor, heir, or assign of the Aspen Valley Land Trust. the term ""County"" means a political subdivision of the State. federal land. the term ""non-federal land"" means the approximately 35 acres of non-federal land in the County.if the County offers to convey to the United States title to the non-Federal land acceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior shall accept the offer. on receipt of acceptable title to the non-Federal land, simultaneously convey to the County, or at the request of the County, to the Aspen Valley Land Trust, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. the value of the federal land and non-federal land shall be equal. or shall be made equal in accordance with subsection (c). if the final appraised value exceeds the final appraised value of the federal land, the County shall donate the excess value of the non-federal land.land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the White River National Forest. management. On acquisition, land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall be administered in accordance with the laws generally applicable to the National Forest System. the boundaries of the White River National Forest shall be deemed to be the boundaries of the White River National Forest as of January 1, 1965. if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation under the public land laws,"
1354,"<pad> summarize: no cost-of-living increase in social security benefits is anticipated for 2010. no cost-of-living increase is anticipated under current law for 2010. a benefit increase of $150 for a month in 2010 is expected.a person who is entitled to a monthly insurance benefit under section 202 or 223 of the Social Security Act is also entitled to such benefit for the applicable increase month in the amount of $150. if such benefit is not otherwise payable under section 202 or 223 of the social security act, the amount of such benefit shall be disregarded. Section 230(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 430(a) is amended by striking ""Whenever the Commissioner"" and all that follows through ""the Commissioner shall also"" and inserting ""November 1 of each calendar year"""
1355,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE: it is the purpose of this Act to develop and implement a comprehensive and coordinated national weather mitigation policy and a national cooperative federal and state program of weather mitigation research and development. a federal and state program of weather mitigation research and development is being developed.66 weather mitigation research programs are being conducted in 10 states across the u.s. in 2001. 66 operational programs are being conducted in 10 states across the u.s. a coordinated national program of weather modification research is needed. u.s. droughts have produced low lake levels at Lake Powell and Lake Mead. the term ""Board"" means the Weather Mitigation Advisory and Research Board established under section 5(a). the term ""Executive Director"" means the Executive Director of the Board appointed under section 5(d). the term ""research and development"" means theoretical analysis, exploration, experimentation and the extension of investigative findings and theories of a scientific or technical nature into practical application for experimental and demonstration purposes. at least 1 member shall be a representative of the American Meteorological Society. at least 1 member shall be a representative of the American Society of Civil Engineers. at least 1 member shall be a representative of the national academy of sciences.a federal grant may be awarded to eligible entities if the federal share of such project would be greater than 50 percent of the project cost. a recipient of a grant under this subsection may only use the grant for a research and development project that pertains to weather mitigation. ANNUAL RAPPORT ON ACTIVITIES. Not later than January 31, and annually thereafter, the Executive Director shall prepare and submit to the President and Congress an annual report on the activities conducted pursuant to this Act during the preceding calendar year. an analysis of the progress made toward achieving the goals and objectives of the plan developed under section 6(a), including the identification of trends. an analysis of the progress made toward achieving the goals and objectives of the the head of any department or agency of the united states cooperates. the head of any other public or private agency or institution receives research funds from the united states. he cooperates with the Board for purposes of carrying out this Act. amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall remain available until expended. the Board may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property. amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall remain available until expended. amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall remain available until expended."
1356,"<pad> summarize: a joint resolution of approval or a joint resolution of disapproval may be introduced in the House of Representatives by the Speaker, the minority leader, or their respective designee. the term ""joint resolution of disapproval"" means only a joint resolution of the 2 Houses of Congress. it applies only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House. a joint resolution of disapproval or a joint resolution of disappro"
1357,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Airport Noise Curfew Commission"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Airport Noise Curfew Commission"". Commission will study and make recommendations to congress. curfews on nonmilitary aircraft operations over populated areas of the united states during normal sleeping hours. a curfew will be established on nonmilitary aircraft operations.vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. members of the Commission shall each be entitled to receive the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for grade GS-18 of the General Schedule for each day during which they are engaged. staff may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. appointed and fixed pay of such personnel may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III relating to classification and general Schedule pay rates.the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence, as the Commission considers appropriate. any member or agent may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this Act.not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the Commission shall transmit to Congress a report on its findings and recommendations. a report on its findings and recommendations will also be sent to congress. a report will also be sent to congress. TERMINATION. the Commission shall terminate on the date of transmission of its report under section 7. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION"
1358,"<pad> summarize: this Act is enacted pursuant to authority contained in articles I and VI of the Constitution of the united states. the purpose of this Act is to facilitate compliance with Article 36 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963. consulate of the foreign state of which an individual detained or arrested is a national shall be notified without delay if the individual requests consular notification under subsection (a) if an appropriate officer or employee of the Federal Government or a State or local government has not notified the consulate of an individual who is detained pending criminal charges, notification shall occur not later than the first appearance of the individual before the court with jurisdiction over the charge. no cause of a federal court shall have jurisdiction to review the merits of a petition claiming a violation of Article 36(1) (b) or (c) of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963. an individual described in paragraph (1) shall make a showing of actual prejudice to the criminal conviction or sentence as a result of the violation. the court may conduct an evidentiary hearing if necessary to supplement the record and, upon a the term ""national of the united states"" has the meaning in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. the term ""national of the united states"" means any State of the United States, the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States."
1359,"<pad> summarize: section 137 of such Code is amended by inserting ""or on medical incentives accounts"" after ""annuities"" in the heading of such section 6693 is amended by inserting ""or on medical incentives accounts"" after ""annuities"" in the item relating to section 6693."
1360,"<pad> summarize: regulations promulgated under subparagraph (A) shall apply to vessels capable of discharging ballast water that enter the Great Lakes. regulations promulgate and review regulations to prevent, to the maximum extent practicable, the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes. regulations promulgated under subparagraph (A) shall apply to all vessels capable of discharging ballast water after operating on water outside of the Exclusive Economic Zone grant funds may be used to study the impact of invasive species on the environment. grants may be used to develop technologies and treatment methods. grants may be used to study the impact of invasive species on the environment. grants may also be used to develop ballast water tank technology. "
1361,"<pad> summarize: Section 428C(a)(4) is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively. a consolidation loan for which the application is received by an eligible lender during the period beginning on the date of enactment of the Emergency Student Loan Consolidation Act of 1997 and ending on October 1, 1998. a consolidation loan for which the application is received by an eligible lender during Section 458(a)(1) is striking ""$532,000,000"" and inserting ""$507,000,000"" section 458(a)(1) (USC. 1087h(a)(1)) is amended by striking ""$532,000,000"" and inserting ""$507,000,000"" Section 475(c)(1) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph. Section 475(g)(2) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph (E) and inserting "", and"""
1362,"<pad> summarize: Section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the term 'Administrator' means the head of an Executive agency. the term'machine-readable form' means a technical format based on an underlying open standard that is not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse."
1363,<pad> summarize: section 139F of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 139E the following new section. the table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by redesignating section 224 as section 225. the amended section applies to contributions made during taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. ADDITIONAL TAX FOR DISTRIBUTIONS NOT USED FOR QUALIFIED PURPOSES. the first sentence of section 529(c)(6) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting. the rate of such tax shall be determined under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph.
1364,<pad> summarize:......................... statewide plan to develop professional development and career system varies based on individual's credentials. statewide plan to develop professional development and career system varies based on individual's qualifications. statewide plan to develop professional development and career system varies based on individual's qualifications.
1365,"<pad> summarize: if a private education loan has a cosigner jointly liable for such loan. a private educational lender shall include a process for releasing the cosigner from obligations on the loan. if the borrower continues to make on-time payments on the private education loan, provide a period of time of not less than 90 days. Default on a private education loan resulting from accelerated repayment terms of the loan after the death or bankruptcy of a cosigner who is jointly liable for the loan. a private educational lender or the servicer of a private education loan shall not furnish any information relating to the loan to any consumer reporting agency if the consumer defaulted on the loan."
1366,"<pad> summarize: a foreign corporation is predominantly owned by individuals who are residents of a foreign country if a corporation is a member of a multinational economic association such as the European Union. a foreign corporation is treated as meeting the requirements of subparagraph (A) if the recipient of the payment is a controlled foreign corporation and the payor is a United States shareholder (as defined in section 951(b) of subchapter N)section 482 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ""(a) In general. "" before ""In the case of two or more"" and by adding at the end the following new subsection: Special Rule for Related-Party Inbound and Outbound Transactions. this subsection applies to any property or services if there is a related-party inbound or outbound transaction with respect to such property or services. the term 'deflecte"
1367,"<pad> summarize: section 2680(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by striking ""law-enforcement officer"" and inserting ""law enforcement officer"" section 1346(b) shall apply to a claim based on the negligent destruction, injury, or loss of goods or merchandise while in the possession of an officer of customs or excise or any other law enforcement officer""Rule C(6) of the Supplemental Rules for Certain Admiralty and Maritime Claims is amended by striking ""10 days"" and inserting ""60 days"". if applicable. if applicable. if applicable. section 608 of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended to read as follows. a person who claims a vessel, vehicle, aircraft, merchandise, or baggage seized under a law described in section 605 may file with the appropriate customs officer a claim stating the person's interest in the property. if a person filing a claim under subsection (a) is financially unable to obtain representation, the court may appoint appropriate section 615 of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended to read as follows. a suit or action is described in this subsection if it is a suit or action brought for the forfeiture of a vessel, vehicle, aircraft, merchandise, or baggage seized under any law relating to the collection of duties on imports or tonnage. a suit or action is described in this subsection if it is a suit or action brought for the recovery section 614 of the Tariff Act of 1930 is amended by adding ""(a) Release Upon Payment. "" before ""If"" a claimant is entitled to immediate release of seized property if continued possession by the Government would cause the claimant substantial hardship. a complaint under subparagraph (B) shall state the nature of the claim to the seized property.section 524(c) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1). by striking ""law enforcement"" and inserting after subparagraph (G) a new subparagraph. a court-awarded compensation for representation of claimants pursuant to section 608(b) of the Tariff Act of 1930. Section 511(a)(7) of the Controlled Substances Act is amended. it cites ""without the knowledge or consent of that owner"" or ""without the consent of that owner"". if deemed necessary, the amendment may be remanidated.amendments made by this Act apply with respect to claims filed under section 608 of the Tariff Act of 1930. suits and actions filed under section 615 of that Act on or after the date of enactment of this Act. "
1368,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Purposes.... Purposes.... Purposes............ Definitions........................extension of Mark-to-Market program. mark-to-market program aims to expand the program............... Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Exception rents. Otherwise eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects. if eligible projects.. if eligible projects.disaster-damaged eligible projects. eligible projects..................... period of eligibility for nonprofit debt relief. eligible for nonprofit debt relief. if you are eligible for nonprofit debt relief, click here for more information. if you are eligible for nonprofit debt relief. if you are eligible for nonprofit debt relief.effective date.........................the purpose of this Act is to continue the progress of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997. expand eligibility for Mark-to-Market restructuring so as to further the preservation of affordable housing in a cost-effective manner.disaster-damaged eligible project is located in a county designated a major disaster area. the term <unk> disaster-damaged eligible project' means an otherwise eligible multifamily housing project. a disaster-damaged eligible project shall be eligible for amounts under this Act. Section 579 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 is amended by striking ""October 1, 2006"" each place that term appears appears and inserting ""October 1, 2011"". if the term is used, it may be used to describe the term.Section 514(g)(2) of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 is amended. ""five per cent"" and ""9 per cent"" are inserted. ""disaster-damaged eligible projects"" are added. section 514 is amended by adding at the end the following: Other Eligible Projects. a project that meets the requirements of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 512(2) may be treated as an eligible multifamily housing project on an exception basis if the Secretary determine that such treatment is necessary to preserve the project in the most cost-effective manner in relation to other alternative preservation options. no adverse treatment if no request made. Section 514(g)(1)(B) of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 is amended by striking ""determined, are equal"" and inserting: ""determined with respect to a disaster-damaged eligible property, are equal to 100 percent of the fair market rents for the relevant market area""Section 517(a)(5) of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 is amended. ""if such purchaser acquires such project subsequent to the date of recordation of the affordability agreement described in section 514(e)(6) such purchaser shall acquire such project on or before the later of 5 years after the date of recordation of the affordability agreement"" the Secretary shall have received, and determined acceptable, such purchaser's application for modification, assignment this Act will take effect on the earlier of the date of enactment of this Act, or September 30, 2007. the amendments to this Act will take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect on september 30, 2007. "
1369,<pad> summarize: 'eligible faculty member' may serve at a qualified institution if a position is made available. 'eligible student' is a student enrolled in a master's international program of the Peace Corps. 'eligible faculty member' may travel as necessary to conduct research or education programs relating to eradication of world hunger and malnutrition.
1370,"<pad> summarize: Section 110 of the Clean Air Act is amended in subsection (c), by striking ""(c)(1) The Administrator"" and inserting the following: Federal Plans. Plans. In general unless the conditions described in subparagraph (c) are met, the Administrator shall promulgate a Federal implementation plan at any time after the date on which a State has failed to make a required submission or finds that the plan or plan revision submitted by the State does not satisfy the minimum section 169A of the Clean Air Act is amended in subsection (b)(2). by striking ""as may be necessary"" and inserting ""as the State determines"". in subsection (g) by inserting the following: ""(b) the time necessary for compliance"""
1371,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. geographic physician work adjustment factor is eliminated from geographic indices used to adjust payments under the physician fee schedule. indices used to adjust payments under the physician fee schedule are used to calculate physician fees. indices used to calculate physician fees.Clinical rotation demonstration project. clinical rotation demonstration project. clinical rotation demonstration project aims to improve clinical rotation. clinical rotation demonstration project aims to improve clinical rotation. clinical rotation demonstration project aims to improve clinical rotation. clinical rotation demonstration project aims to improve clinical rotation. Medicare rural health care quality improvement demonstration projects. demonstration projects are being implemented based on the health care quality improvement demonstrations............ensuring proportional representation of interests of rural areas on the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. a proportional representation of interests of rural areas on the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. a proportional representation of interests of rural areas on the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. GAO recommendations regarding geographic adjustment indices under the Medicare physician fee schedule. implementation of recommendations relating to geographic adjustment indices under the Medicare physician fee schedule. if you have questions, please contact us if you have any questions.Congress finds variations in the geographic physician work adjustment factors under section 1848(e) of the social security act result in inequity between localities in payments based on such fee schedule. the market for health care professionals has become nationalized and historically low labor costs in rural and small urban areas have disappeared. Elimination of the adjustment factors described in paragraph (1) would equalize the reimbursement rate for services reimbursed under the Medicare physician fee schedule while remaining budget-neutral a demonstration project is set up 6 months after enactment of this Act. it provides for demonstration grants designed to attract clinicians and educators. the project will be conducted over a five-year period. the Secretary waives provisions of titles XI and XVIII as may be necessary. 10 demonstration projects will provide for improvements in quality of health care provided to individuals residing in rural areas. activities may include public health surveillance, emergency room videoconferencing, virtual libraries, telemedicine, electronic health records, data exchange networks. each demonstration project under this section shall be conducted over a 4-year period.section 1805(c)(2) is amended in subparagraph (A) by inserting ""consistent with subparagraph (E)"" after ""rural representatives"" the proportion of members who represent the interests of health care providers and Medicare beneficiaries located in rural areas shall be no less than the proportion, of the total number of Medicare beneficiaries, who reside in rural areas.the secretary of health and human services shall implement the recommendations contained in a report 05-119. the recommendations will be implemented 180 days after enactment of this Act 05-119. the recommendations will be incorporated into the report 05-119 titled ""Medicare Physician Fees: Geographic Adjustment Indices are Valid in Design, but Data and Methods Need Refinement"" "
1372,"<pad> summarize: methamphetamine is one of the basic precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of methamphetamine. sally kohn: congress has acted many times to limit availability of chemicals and equipment. kohn: reducing current 9 gram threshold to 6 gram would allow consumers to continue purchasing sufficient medication for legitimate purposes. kohn: if methamphetamine is a dangerous drug distributed throughout the united states, Section 102(39)(A)(iv)(II) is amended by striking ""9 grams"" each place such term appears and inserting ""6 grams"" and inserting ""6 grams"" each place such term appears.Section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 802(39)(A)(iv)(I)(aa) is amended by striking paragraph (45) and by redesignating paragraph (46) as paragraph (45) Rule of law. no state or political subdivision of a State or political subdivision may establish penalties. subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any requirement or restriction relating to pseudoephedrine drug products enacted prior to January 1, 2005."
1373,"<pad> summarize: Section 602 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: Adjustments of Appropriations Committees Allocations and Suballocations. a general appropriation bill as reported by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives is amended and that bill as passed by that House reduces the amount appropriated for the same program, project, or activity as so reported. if Section 202 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Scorekeeping assistance. to facilitate compliance by the Committees on Appropriations with sections 302(e)(2) and 602(f), the Office shall score all general appropriation measures as passed the House of Representatives and as passed the Senate. Section 601(a)(2) of the Congressional budget Act of 1974 is amended. it is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following. if amended. if amended. if amended."
1374,"<pad> summarize:......................... the term ""Administrator"" means an entity that is involved in or relates to agricultural enterprise. the term ""agricultural entity"" means an entity involved in or relates to agricultural enterprise. the Secretary may waive initiation of the review panel under subsection (c)(4) as the Secretary determines appropriate."
1375,"<pad> summarize: Section 280F(d)(5)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause. Exception for Vehicles Used in Farming Business. the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of enactment of this Act.Section 280F(a)(1)(B)(ii) of such Code is amended to read as follows: Limitation. amount treated as an expense under clause (i) for any taxable year shall not exceed for any passenger automobile described in subsection (5)(A)(ii)(I), $2,900, and described in subsection (5)(A)(ii)(II), $3,475. if amended by this section ira revenue code of 1986 is amended to read as follows. the cost of any vehicle described in section 280F(d)(5)(B)(iii) shall not exceed $30,000. the amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1376,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> qualified veteran' means a preliminarily qualified offender who served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard and reserve components. the term'veterans treatment court program' means a court program involving collaboration among criminal justice, veterans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies. the Attorney General may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or expand veterans treatment court programs. the term 'correctional facility' means a jail, prison, or other detention facility. the term 'eligible inmate' means an individual being held, detained, or incarcerated in a correctional facility. the attorney general may award grants to applicants to enhance the capabilities of a correctional facility.'high utilizer' means an individual who manifests obvious signs of mental illness. 'high utilizer' consumes disproportionate amount of public resources. 'high utilizer' is referred to as 'high utilizer'Section 2991(h) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended in paragraph (1). it is amended by adding at the end: Academy training. the Attorney General, in awarding grants under this subsection, shall give priority to programs that law enforcement personnel develop and administer cooperatively. section 2991(c) is amended by striking ""or"" at the end, (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (6). propose interventions that have been shown to reduce recidivism. if appropriate, use validated assessment tools to target preliminarily qualified offenders. section 2991(a) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended. the term <unk> preliminarily qualified offender' means an adult or juvenile accused of an offense. a prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, probation or corrections official and mental health or substance abuse agency representative must take into account if the defendant satisfies the eligibility criteria for participation unanimously established.subparagraph (b) of section 2991 is amended in paragraph (1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ""and"" at the end. not more than 20 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this section may be used for purposes described in subsection (i)"
1377,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Definitions........................neoc and atmospheric administration assessment and acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. neoc and atmospheric administration assessment of unmanned maritime systems. coordination regarding assessment and acquisition. regular assessment of unmanned maritime systems. national oceanic and atmospheric administration missions. regular assessment of unmanned maritime systems. a number of unmanned maritime systems have been assessed yearly. a number of unmanned maritime systems have been assessed yearly.acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. unmanned maritime systems.................... unmanned maritime systems and use for mission of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. reports on unmanned maritime systems compiled by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. a total of 1,200 unmanned maritime systems were reported. funding and additional authorities. funding and additional authorities..................... the term ""Administrator"" means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmospheric Administration. the term ""Administrator"" means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmospheric Administration. the Administrator and the Secretary of the Navy may coordinate and co-locate with an academic research institution or consortium of academic research institutions. if practicable, the Administrator may coordinate and consult with the private sector to support the commercialization of unmanned maritime systems. if practicable, the Administrator may coordinate and consult with the private sector to support the commercialization of unmanned maritime systems. the Administrator shall regularly assess publicly and commercially available unmanned maritime systems for potential use to support missions of the Administration. the Administrator shall carry out subsection (a) through the Assistant Administrator for all matters relating to assessment of the suitability, feasibility, and cost effectiveness of unmanned maritime systems. the Administrator shall coordinate and centralize the acquisition by the Administration of unmanned maritime systems to meet the prioritized list of data requirements identified by OAR and OMAO in carrying out this Act in their regular assessments and approved by the USEOB. a report submitted under subsection (a) includes a list of current unmanned maritime systems used by programs of the administration. the report includes a summary of the data they have returned. the report includes an inventory of current unmanned maritime systems used by programs of the administration. the Administrator shall carry out this Act using existing amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Administration. additional Authorities may be used to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other transactions with any domestic or foreign government. notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, accept donations and voluntary and uncompensated services, (3) accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies."
1378,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: in 1927 to 1931 the Corps of Engineers investigated the Columbia River. kohn: a reasonable annual charge shall be fixed for the use of the land. kohn: it would be appropriate for the Spokane and Colville Tribes to receive a share of revenue. kohn: if a permit was issued, the Spokane Tribe would have been entitled to a reasonable annual PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe for the generation of hydropower by the Grand Coulee dam.the term ""Administrator"" means the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity. the term ""Administrator"" means the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity. the settlement agreement signed by the united states on April 21, 1994. the settlement agreement was transferred to the United States Court of Federal Claims. Administrator shall pay to the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for fiscal year 2019. not later than March 1, 2021, and March 1 of each year thereafter through March 1, 2029. not later than March 1, 2030, and March 1 of each year thereafter.payments made to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 may be used or invested by the Spokane Business Council in the same manner and for the same purposes as other Spokane Tribe governmental amounts. no Trust Responsibility of the Secretary nor the Administrator. a deduction exceeds the amount of interest due on debt associated with the generation function. a deduction exceeds the total amount of interest described in paragraphs (1) and (2). a deduction shall be applied as a credit against any other payments that the Administrator makes. monetary claims made to the Spokane Tribe are extinguished. all monetary claims that the Spokane Tribe has or may have against the united states to a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project.no precedent in this Act is established or binding on the Southwestern Power Administration, Western Area Power Administration or Southeastern Power Administration. if passed the Senate, it would be deemed a precedent. if passed the Senate, it would be deemed a precedent. "
1379,"<pad> summarize: the missing children's assistance Act is amended to read as follows. the congress finds that thousands of children are abducted or removed from the control of a parent without such parent's consent. many missing children are at great risk of both physical harm and sexual exploitation. sex offenders pose a threat to children. ""$20,000,000"" will be used to reunit missing and exploited children with their families. the administrator shall annually make a grant to the Center. the center will be used to operate a national 24-hour toll-free telephone line.Section 408(a) of the Missing Children's Assistance Act is amended by striking ""2007 through 2008"" and inserting ""2008 through 2013"". ""2007 through 2008"" is inserted into the missing children's aid section. section 407 is redesigned as section 407. vice-president of u.s. and senate senate senate senate senate senate senate. "
1380,"<pad> summarize: the Mississippi River Basin is the third largest watershed in the world, covering more than 1,000,000 square miles and approximately 40 percent of the continental United States. a disruption of navigation due to low water levels between December 2012 and January 2013 would have negatively impacted 20,000 jobs and $7,000,000,000 in cargo. a disruption of navigation due to low water levels between December 2012 and January 2013 would have negatively impacted 20,000 jobs and $7,000,000,000 in cargo.the term ""extreme weather"" means severe flooding and drought conditions that lead to above or below average water levels. the term ""greater Mississippi River Basin"" means the area covered by hydrologic units 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, and 11, as of date of enactment of this Act. the term ""middle Mississippi River"" means the portion of the Mississippi River that begins at the confluence of the Missouri River and flows to the lower Mississippi River. study will identify any Federal actions necessary to prevent and mitigate the impacts of extreme weather. the study will identify and make recommendations to remedy challenges to the Corps of Engineers presented by extreme weather in carrying out its mission to maintain safe, reliable navigation. a report will be submitted to congress not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act.the Secretary will improve forecasting on the Mississippi River by updating forecasting technology deployed on the Mississippi River and its tributaries. he will prioritize sections on which additional and more reliable information would have the greatest impact on maintaining navigation on the Mississippi River. the Secretary may construct ingress and egress paths to docks, loading facilities, fleeting areas, and other critical locations outside of the authorized navigation channel on the Mississippi River. dredging and construction of river training structures, ingress and egress paths to loading docks and fleeting areas outside of the authorized navigation channel on the Mississippi River. in accordance with the project for navigation, Mississippi River between the Ohio and Missouri Rivers, Missouri and Illinois. the Secretary shall carry out for a period of not less than 10 years a pilot program to restore and protect fish and wildlife habitat in the middle Mississippi River. activities authorized under paragraph (1) shall include the modification of navigation training structures, (B) the modification and creation of side channels, (C) the modification and creation of islands.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as are necessary. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as are necessary. if you are able to carry out this Act, you should be able to pay the sums necessary. "
1381,"<pad> summarize: a person convicted of a violation of section 1341 or 1343 of title 18, United States Code, forfeits to the United States any property constituting or derived from any proceeds from a scheme in violation of either of such sections. if any of the property subject to forfeiture under section 1349 of this title is forfeited under this section, the Attorney General or the Postal Service may seize such property without such process."
1382,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of health and human services submits to congress a proposal for a formalized process for the development of performance-based quality measures that could be applied to physicians' services under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. such proposal shall be in concert and agreement with the Physician Consortium for Performance Improvement.the Secretary of health and human services shall provide for the selection and issuance of best practice guidelines in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3). not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the organization shall submit best practice guidelines for issuance as guidelines under paragraph (3).a state that receives a grant under this section may not preclude a party to a dispute involving health care providers from obtaining legal representation during any review by an expert panel under this section. if the parties to a dispute before an expert panel under this subsection accept the determination of the expert panel concerning liability and compensation. if any party decides not to accept the decision, the party shall have the right to file their claim in a state SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING HEALTH INSURER LIABILITY should be liable. it is the sense of Congress that a health insurance issuer should be liable for damages for harm caused when it makes a decision as to what care is medically necessary and appropriate."
1383,"<pad> summarize: Section 5320 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""5320. Use of National Directory of New Hires for income verification purposes Information From National Directory of New Hires"" the Secretary of Health and Human Services may make a disclosure in accordance with this subsection only to the extent essential to determining eligibility for benefits and services specified in subsection (d) and the amount of benefits specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of that"
1384,"<pad> summarize: the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of burn pits registry data. the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of burn pits registry data. he shall establish a center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures."
1385,<pad> summarize:......................... affected Entries refund the amount of excess antidumping duty collected as a result of the liquidation of those entries referred to in subsection (a) the entries listed in subsection (b) are as follows. affected Entries referred to in subsection (a) are as follows.
1386,"<pad> summarize: Section 406 of the federal water pollution control act is amended in each subsection b, (c), (d) and (h) by striking ""monitoring and notification"" each place it appears and inserting ""monitoring, public notification, source tracking, sanitary surveys"" up to 10 percent of the initial $10,000,000 made available for a fiscal year, at the direction of the States, may be used to remediate those problems. section 8 of the Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health Act of 2000 is amended by striking ""2005"" and inserting ""2013"". section 8 is amended by striking ""2005"" and inserting ""2013"". if you are interested, you may be interested. section 406(b)(3)(A)(ii) of the federal water pollution control act is amended. ""and all environmental agencies of the State with authority to prevent or treat sources of beachwater pollution"" after ""public"" Section 406(c)(4)(A) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act is amended by inserting ""rapid"" before ""testing"", and by striking "", as appropriate"" Section 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act is amended by adding at the end: Rapid testing method. the term 'rapid testing method' means a method of testing for which results are available within 2 hours after commencement. Section 406(c)(5) of the federal water pollution control act is amended. it is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ""prompt communication"" and inserting ""communication within 24 hours of the receipt of the results of a water quality sample"" in subparagraph (B), by inserting ""and"" after the semicolon at the end.section 406(c) is amended in paragraph (6), by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (7), by inserting a semicolon. measures to develop and implement a beachwater pollution source identification and tracking program.Section 406(h) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 USC. 1346(h) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. by adding at the end: Compliance review. on or before July 31 of each calendar year beginning after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall prepare a written assessment of compliance.eu administrator will commence study of formula for distribution of grants under section 406 of the federal water pollution control Act. he will consider emphasis placed on length of beach season. he will consult with appropriate federal, state, and local agencies. "
1387,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of general services. the term ""CERCLA"" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980. the term ""museum"" means the National Women's History Museum, Inc. reversal of the property shall occur not later than 3 years after enactment of this Act. reversal of the property shall occur at the option of the United States. reversal of the property shall occur not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the Administrator is authorized to contract in an amount not to exceed the purchase price for the Property. any costs incurred pursuant to subsection (a) shall be credited to the purchase price for the Property. Nothing in this Act may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to comply with any environmental law. subject to section 4, the Museum shall bear any and all costs associated with complying with the provisions of this Act. the museum shall bear any and all costs associated with complying with the provisions of this Act, including studies and reports, surveys, relocating tenants and mitigating impacts to existing Federal buildings and structures resulting directly from the development by the museum.the Administrator shall reasonably cooperate with the Museum with respect to any zoning or other land use matter relating to development of the Property in accordance with this Act. a consent provided under this subsection shall be premised on the property being developed and operated in accordance with this Act. a consent provided under this subsection shall be premised on the property being developed and operated in accordance with this Act. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. annually thereafter until the end of the 5-year period following conveyance of the Property or until substantial completion of the museum facility. the Museum shall submit annual reports detailing the development and construction activities. "
1388,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of the interior shall transfer in accordance with this Act the approximately 14,000 acres of public lands depicted on a map dated may 1993. the lands shall be transferred without conducting new surveys. a map depicts 14,000 acres of public lands depicted on a map dated may 1993. the boundaries of the Arapaho National Forest are hereby modified as shown in section 2 referred to in section 2. a change in administrative jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the secretary of agriculture. such lands are added to and shall be administered as part of the Arapaho National Forest in accordance.a grantee of lands conveyed under this section may not be transferred by the grantee or its successor. the grantee or its successor will be liable to pay the fair market value of all lands conveyed to such grantee under this section. if the grantee or its successor attempts to transfer to any other party title to any portion of the lands conveyed to such grantee under this section. lands referred to in subsection (a) may not be transferred to the County until it is shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the county has adopted comprehensive land use plans and zoning regulations applicable to the area in which the lands are located. lands referred to in subsection (a) may not be transferred until it is shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the county has adopted comprehensive land use plans and zoning regulations applicable to the area in which the withdrawal from public lands referred to in sections 4 and 5 are hereby withdrawn from all forms of entry under the general mining laws and mineral leasing laws of the united states. subject to valid existing rights, the public lands referred to in sections 4 and 5 are hereby withdrawn from all forms of entry under the general mining laws and mineral leasing laws of the united states.notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any hazardous wastes or other substances placed on any of the lands covered by this Act after their transfer to the ownership of another party. notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any hazardous wastes or other substances placed on such lands after their transfer to the ownership of another party."
1389,"<pad> summarize: the federal government joins the State of Alaska in a carefully coordinated approach to identify ownership and jurisdictional interests in land and waters. the task of resolving submerged land ownership and navigable water determinations has been very slow, counter-productive from an orderly resource management standpoint, and costly as the State, private landowners, and the Federal Government attempt to initiate long-range planning processes. ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the ""Joint Federal and State Navigable Waters Commission for Alaska"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""Joint Federal and State Navigable Waters Commission for Alaska""the Commission shall make recommendations to the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Alaska relating to navigability determinations relating to submerged lands for purposes of the Submerged Lands Act. a process for employing established standards to facilitate making such recommendations and determinations aims to improve coordination and consultation. appointment deadline is 60 days after enactment of this Act. a vacancy in the commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission to meet or conduct business. a vacancy in the commission shall take effect on the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date such member ceases to serve as such an officer or employee of a government.each Federal member of the COMMISSION who is not otherwise an officer or employee shall be entitled to receive the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. state members of the Commission are entitled to per diem and travel expenses as authorized under pertinent laws of the State of Alaska.the Commission or any subcommittee or member of the Commission may, for the purposes of carrying out its duties, hold hearings, take testimony, receive evidence, print or otherwise reproduce and distribute all or part of commission proceedings and reports, and sit and act at those times and places as the Commission, subcommittee, or members consider desirable.the co-chairs may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the maximum annual rate of basic pay for GS-15 of the General Schedule. a person so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay for GS-15 of the General Schedule. federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the Commission. a federal Advisory Committee Act will not apply. a federal Advisory Committee Act will not apply. a federal Advisory Committee Act will not apply.not later than January 31 of each year, the Commission shall submit a written report describing its activities during the preceding year. the Commission shall submit a written report to the president of the united states, the Congress, the Governor of the State of Alaska, and the legislature of the state of Alaska.TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. the Commission is terminated 2 years after the date of completion of appointment. all members of the COMMISSION have been appointed. a new member of the COMMISSION will be appointed in january."
1390,"<pad> summarize: Section 108(a)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 USC. 2151f(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: Program. Section 108(b) of such Act (22 USC. 2151f(a)(2) is amended to read as follows. Section 131(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 USC. 2152a(a) is amended to read as follows: Findings and Policy. Congress finds and declares access to financial services and development of microenterprise are vital factors in the stable growth of developing countries and in the development of free, open, and equitable international economic systems. the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall submit to Congress a report that documents the process of developing and applying poverty assessment procedures with its partners. beginning with fiscal year 2006, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall annually submit to Congress on a timely basis. "
1391,"<pad> summarize: ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of the Agency. ""Agency"" means the agency's assistant administrator. ""Assistant Administrator"" means the agency's assistant administrator for air and radiation.OFFICE OF AIR AND RADIATION. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator for the Office of Air and Radiation for environmental research and development and scientific and energy research, development, and commercial application of energy technology programs. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator for the Office of Air and Radiation for environmental research and development and scientific and energy research, development, and demonstration and commercial application of energy technology programs.the Administrator may use up to 25 percent of the total funding for a fiscal year of an environmental research or development or scientific or energy research, development, or demonstration or commercial application of energy technology program, project or activity of the Office of air and Radiation. a report referred to in subsection (a)(2) is a report containing a full and complete statement of the action proposed to be taken. there shall be excluded any day on which either House of Congress a detailed justification for budget authorization is provided to the Congress. each such document will include a description and funding requested or allocated for each such program, project and activity. each such document will include a description of, and funding requested or allocated for, each such program, project and activity. not more than 1 percent of the funds authorized by this Act may be used either directly or indirectly to fund travel costs of the Agency or travel costs for persons awarded contracts or subcontracts by the Agency. no funds authorized by this Act may be used either directly or indirectly to fund a grant, contract, subcontract, or any other form of financial assistance awarded by the Agency on a noncompetitive basis.the Agency shall provide funding for scientific or energy or commercial application of energy technology demonstration programs of the Office of Air and Radiation only for technologies or processes that can be reasonably expected to yield new, measurable benefits to the cost, efficiency, or performance of the technology or process. unless the Administrator grants a waiver to allow such a deviation, the Administrator may not delegate the authority to grant such a waiver. the Administrator may not delegate the authority to grant such a waiver. the waiver is based on a report notifying the committees of the waiver. if the program, project or activity hasn't been specifically authorized by Congress, the agency may use any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act. if the program, project or activity hasn't been specifically authorized by Congress, the agency may use any funds to prepare or initiate requests for proposals.unless the Administrator determines that comparable articles or services are not available from a commercial source in the united states. if the administrator determines that comparable articles or services are not available from a commercial source in the united states. the administrator shall exclude from consideration for grant agreements made after fiscal year 1999. any person who received federal funds, other than those described in subsection (b), appropriated for a fiscal year after fiscal year 1999. subsection (a) shall not apply to the receipt of Federal funds by a person due to the membership of that person. a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 for environmental research and development. a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 for energy technology programs. a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2000 and 2001. "
1392,"<pad> summarize: no aircraft owned or leased may be used for any personal, political, or authorized special use travel. the term ""authorized special use"" means use of a Government aircraft. if the full costs, including the costs of operating and maintaining such aircraft are reimbursed to the United States government. no funds appropriated or otherwise made available may be expended. any golf course owned or operated by an agency will be operated by concessionaire contract. no more than 10 percent of the gross revenues generated from the operations of any golf course to which subsection applies may be retained by the contracting military base. no funds appropriated or otherwise made available may be expended to subsidize costs to equip, operate, or maintain dining rooms or kitchen facilities for the exclusive use or consumption of senior Government officers. this section shall not apply to dining rooms, facilities, or food for the exclusive use or consumption of the President of the united states or his immediate family. no funds appropriated or otherwise made available may be expended to acquire luxury vehicles for transporting senior Government officers. a Government officer who holds the office of Assistant Secretary or higher. a government officer who holds the office of Assistant Secretary or higher. no executive or legislative agency may grant administrative leave to an employee. no appropriated funds made available to any executive or legislative agency shall be expended. the term ""physical fitness facility"" means any facility used for physical exercise that provides equipment and services for such use in addition to lockers and showers. no funds appropriated or otherwise made available to an executive or legislative agency may be used for the provision of medical services provided by an executive or legislative agency. subsection (a) shall not apply to medical services provided by agencies to Government officers or employees in cases of emergency.no funds appropriated or otherwise made available to any executive or legislative agency or Congress may be used for the purchase or distribution of souvenirs. Subsection (a) shall not apply to those tokens or mementos authorized in guidelines to be issued by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. the total number of senior executive service positions in all executive agencies filled by noncareer appointees shall each be reduced on no later than October 1, 1993, by 5 percent of the respective total numbers of such positions as existed on September 30, 1991. on no later than October 1, 1994, by an additional 5 percent of the respective total numbers of such positions as existed on September 30, 1991. Section 3134 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end term ""executive agency"" is defined under section 105 of title 5, united states code. ""senior government officer"" means any person employed at a rate of pay specified in or fixed according to subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, united states code.Office of management and budget submits a report to the Congress on the compliance of the executive branch of Government with the provisions of section 8 of this Act. senior position Reductions. no later than September 30, 1993, and again on September 30, 1994, the Office of management and budget shall submit a report to the Congress on the compliance of the executive branch of Government with the provisions of section 8 of this Act.restrictions on expenditures shall not apply if an agency is otherwise authorized to collect a gift fund under law. GIFT FUNDS is governed by sections 3, 4, 5 and 8. GIFT FUNDS is governed by section 3, 4, 5 and 8. regulations implementing the provisions shall be promulgated by the President, or his designee, with regard to each executive agency. by the Majority Leader and Minority Leader of the Senate, or their designee, with regard to each office and committee of the House of Representatives. by the Majority Leader and Minority Leader of the Senate, or their designee, with regard to each office and committee of the House of Representatives. the provisions of this Act shall not apply to the judicial branch of the government. the provisions of this Act shall not apply to the judicial branch of the government. judicial branch of the government is not responsible. judicial branch of the government is not responsible. the provisions of this Act shall be effective on and after October 1, 1993. the president, the office of management and budget, and the Office of Personnel Management shall take such necessary actions on and after the date of the promulgation of this Act."
1393,"<pad> summarize: if an amendment or abrogation is expressed in terms of an amendment to a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Helium Act. if an amendment or abrogation is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or abrogation of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made.the Secretary may enter into agreements with private parties for recovery and disposal of helium on federal lands. terms and conditions may be subject to such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary. the Secretary may store, transport, and sell helium only in accordance with this Act. subsection 6(a) is amended by inserting ""crude"" before ""helium"" and inserting ""(e)(1)"" all moneys received by the Secretary from the sale or disposition of helium shall be paid to the Treasury and credited as provided in paragraph (1).ELIMINATION OF STOCKPILE is amended to read as follows. Section 8 is amended to read as follows. the sale of crude helium from helium reserves owned by the u.s.Sections 12 and 15 are abroged. section 12 and 15 of this section are repealed. section 15 of this section is repealed. section 15 of this section is repealed. section 15 of this section is repealed. lands referred to in subsection (b) include lots, tracts or parcels of land lying and being situated in the County of Potter and State of Texas. one Hundred Seventy-one (171) acres of land known as the North part of the East part of said survey Seventy-eight (78) described by metes and bounds as follows : beginning at a stone 20 x 12 x 3 inches marked X. not later than three years before the date on which the Secretary commences offering for sale crude helium under section 8, the Secretary shall enter into appropriate arrangements with the National Academy of Sciences to study and report on whether such disposal of helium reserves will have a substantial adverse effect. if the Secretary determine that selling the crude helium reserves under the formula established in section 8 will have a substantial adverse effect on the United States helium industry."
1394,"<pad> summarize: Section 1952 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b) by striking ""or (3)"" and inserting ""(3)"" a total value of more than $10,000 has been added. a total value of more than $10,000 has been added."
1395,"<pad> summarize: the Administrator may not conduct aerial surveillance of agricultural land. Exceptions apply under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. if he has obtained the voluntary written consent of the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled in accordance with section 3. if requested by the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled, the Administrator must obtain written consent voluntarily. if requested by the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled. the Administrator may not coerce or entice such owner or operator in order to obtain such consent. the court may issue to the Administrator a certification of reasonable suspicion if the Administrator submits an affidavit to the court setting forth specific and articulable facts that would indicate to a reasonable person that a violation of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act exists in the area to be surveilled. the court finds that the Administrator has shown reasonable suspicion that an owner or operator of agricultural land in the area to be surveilled has violated Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any information collected through aerial surveillance conducted under section 2(b) of this Act. owner or operator of land surveilled under this Act has the right to petition for copies of the information collected through such surveillance. the Administrator shall destroy information collected through aerial surveillance. unless the information is relevant to an active investigation or prosecution by the Administrator. if the information is relevant to an active investigation or prosecution by the Administrator. if the information is not relevant to an active investigation or prosecution by the Administrator.RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted as expanding the power of the Administrator to inspect, monitor, or conduct surveillance of agricultural lands pursuant to the federal water pollution control Act or any other federal law.the term ""aerial surveillance"" means any surveillance from the air. or the use of aerial or satellite images, regardless if the images are publicly available. the term ""Administrator"" means the head of the state agency administering the program."
1396,"<pad> summarize: teachers with 10 years or less now constitute more than half of our teaching force. u.s. will need about 430,000 new elementary and secondary teachers by 2020. research shows job dissatisfaction may result from poor working conditions, inadequate administrative support, low salary, low morale or lack of a pathway for professional advancement. the Secretary shall establish and carry out a teacher retention program. he shall facilitate the dissemination of innovative teacher retention programs. grants to eligible entities include professional development programs. grants may be renewed if grants are granted under this subsection. "
1397,"<pad> summarize: Section 3(p) of the Small Business Act (USC. 632(p)) is amended in paragraph (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ""or"" at the end and inserting "", or"" in subparagraph (E), by adding at the end: rebuilding counties. the term'rebuilding county' means an initial period rebuilding county or an extension period rebuilding county based on the most recent data available from the Secretary of"
1398,"<pad> summarize: grazing program on national Grasslands can be responsibly carried out while protecting and preserving sporting, recreational, environmental, and other multiple uses. grazing program on national Grasslands can be responsibly carried out while protecting and preserving sporting, recreational, environmental, and other multiple uses. grazing program on national Grasslands can be responsibly carried out while protecting and preserving sporting, recreational, environmental, and other multiple uses. ""National Grasslands"" means those areas managed as National grasslands. ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Agriculture. ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Agriculture. enactment of this Act.section 11(a) of the Forest Rangeland Renewable Resource Planning Act of 1974 is struck. the phrase ""the national grasslands and land utilization projects administered under title III of the Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act""the Secretary shall administer grazing permits and implement grazing management decisions in consultation, cooperation, and coordination with local grazing associations and other grazing permit holders. regulations shall facilitate the efficient administration of grazing and provide protection for the environment, wildlife, wildlife habitat, and Federal lands equivalent to that in the National Forest System on the day prior to the date of enactment of the Act."
1399,"<pad> summarize: section 404 of title 39, United States Code is amended by striking subsection (b) the Postal Service shall provide adequate notice to persons served by that post office. a determination of the Postal Service to relocate, close, or consolidate a post office shall be in writing, hand delivered or delivered by mail to persons served by that post office. a determination of the Postal Service to relocate, close, or consolidate a post office shall be in writing the postal service will consider the potential effects of that facility on the community to be served by that facility. a decision is made whether to plan or build that facility. if the postal service decides whether to plan or build that facility, the postal service will be consulted. "
1400,"<pad> summarize: Section 1 of this Act may be cited as the ""Community Partnerships Against Crime Act"" Section 1 of this Act may be referred to as the ""COMPAC"" Act. if you have any questions, please contact the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 Section 5130 of such Act is amended by striking ""drug-related crime in"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""crime in and around"" section 5128 of such Act is amended to read as follows. if approved, the Secretary may apply for a one-year grant."
1401,<pad> summarize: the term 'integrated care team' means a team that includes allopathic or osteopathic medical doctors. the term 'integrated care team' means a team that includes allopathic or osteopathic medical doctors. a grant or cooperative agreement under this section shall be for a period of 5 years.
1402,"<pad> summarize: more than 5,000 infants are born each year in the u.s. with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. 50,000 more infants are born each year with lesser, though still serious, alcohol-related birth defects known as Fetal Alcohol Effects.PURPOSE: this Act establishes a comprehensive program to help prevent Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects nationwide. such program shall coordinate and support epidemiologic research concerning Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects. foster coordination among all federal agencies that conduct or support Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects research, programs and surveillance. ""section 520E. EDUCATION AND PUBLIC AWARENESS,"" a new subpart says. ""the Secretary shall direct the appropriate agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct and support research,"" he adds. the task force established under subsection (a) shall coordinate federal programs. "
1403,"<pad> summarize: section 301(a) of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 USC. 661(a) is amended by adding at the end: Waiver of intrastate distribution limitation. if the Secretary verifies that the inspection, reinspection, and sanitation requirements of the State's poultry inspection program are at least equal to the Federal requirements described in subparagraph (A) the Secretary may perform a random inspection of a State- inspected plant within this Act takes effect on December 1, 1997. the amendments to this Act take effect on December 1, 1997. the amendments to this Act take effect on December 1, 1997.. the amendments to this Act take effect on December 1, 1997. "
1404,"<pad> summarize: the term ""clean technology"" means a technology, production process, or methodology. the term ""consortium"" means an institution of higher education based in accordance with this Act. the term ""consortium"" means an institution of higher education. the secretary shall establish and carry out a program to establish clean technology consortia to enhance the economic, environmental, and energy security of the u.s. he shall carry out the program established under subsection (a) by leveraging the expertise and resources of private research communities, institutions of higher education, industry, venture capital, national Laboratories. he shall select recipients of grants for the establishment and operation of consortia through a competitive selection a consortium must submit to the Secretary an application in such manner, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary determines to be necessary. a total of three or more qualifying entities that can demonstrate expertise in translational research, clean technology, and cluster development. the consortium receives funding from non-Federal sources that may be used to support projects. the consortium operates as a nonprofit organization or public-private partnership under an operating agreement led a grant awarded under this Act shall not exceed the lesser of $30,000,000 per fiscal year. a consortium may request an increase in the amount of a grant awarded under this Act at the time the consortium requests an extension of an initial grant under this Act. a consortium may not use any amounts awarded to the consortium under this Act to construct a new building or facility. a consortium may use not more than 10 percent of the amounts awarded to the consortium for administrative"
1405,"<pad> summarize: the rising costs of health care is driving more citizens to be uninsured or underinsured. many uninsured, nonelderly adults with chronic conditions forgo needed medical care or prescription drugs, due to the prohibitive costs. a targeted tax credit is one way the Federal Government could encourage citizens to donate to qualified PAOs.CREDIT for CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS TO CERTAIN PRIVATE CHARITIES PROVIDING HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUM ASSISTANCE AND DRUG COPAYMENT ASSISTANCE TO THE UNINSURED AND UNDERINSURED. the amount allowed as a credit to the taxpayer under subsection (a) shall not exceed $1,000. the amount allowed as a credit to the"
1406,"<pad> summarize: Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end: Special Rules Relating to the Issuance of ITINs. in-person application. the requirements of this paragraph are met if, with respect to an application for an individual taxpayer identification number the applicant submits the application in person at a taxpayer assistance center of the Internal Revenue Service a Form W-7. Exceptions. Military spouses. Paragraph (1)"
1407,"<pad> summarize: this act is to highlight the work and accomplishments of individuals, nongovernmental organizations, and the media that promote respect for religious freedom, democracy, and human rights in foreign countries. the purpose of this Act is to highlight the work and accomplishments of individuals, nongovernmental organizations, and the media that promote respect for religious freedom, democracy, and human rights. ANNUAL REPORT ON PROMOTION OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, DEMOCRACY, AND HUMAN RIGHTS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. the Secretary of State shall annually submit to Congress a full and complete report regarding the promotion of religious freedom, democracy, and internationally recognized human rights in foreign countries by individuals, nongovernmental organizations, and media groups and organizations in those countries. the term <unk> religious freedom' has"
1408,"<pad> summarize: u.s. law makes torture a crime when committed outside of the united states. u.s. law makes torture a crime when committed outside of the united states. u.s. law makes torture a crime when committed outside of the united states. the secretary of state shall complete and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of countries where there are substantial grounds for believing that torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment is commonly used in the detention or interrogation of individuals. the list shall be compiled on the basis of the information contained in the most recent annual report of the Secretary of State submitted to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting: Regulations. Issuance. the heads of the appropriate Government agencies shall prescribe regulations to implement the obligations of the United States under Article 3 of the Convention Against Torture referred to in paragraph (1). the process by which the individual being transferred can challenge any diplomatic or other assurances received from the government that the individual will not be this Act or amendments made by this Act shall be construed to eliminate, limit, or constrain in any way the rights that an individual has under the Convention Against Torture or any other applicable law. if this Act is amended, it shall be construed to eliminate, limit, or constrain in any way the rights that an individual has.this Act takes effect 30 days after the enactment of this Act. it takes effect on the date that is 30 days after the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act takes effect on the date that is 30 days after enactment. "
1409,<pad> summarize: a new subchapter for chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following subchapter. the term <unk> economic revitalization zone' means any area which is nominated by 1 or more local governments and the State or States in which it is located for designation as an economic revitalization zone. a nominated area meets the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection if the local government or section 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after section 238 the following new item relating to section 238. the table of contents for chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 238 the following new item relating to section 238. a presumptive certification under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 becomes permanent 40 days after the submission of a petition by the group of workers under section 221 unless the Secretary determines within such period that the workers do not satisfy the criteria for certification in subsection (a). a group of workers at a textile or apparel firm shall be presumed eligible and shall be certified as adversely affected and eligible for trade adjustment assistance under this chapter and benefits.
1410,"<pad> summarize: Section 4611(c)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Adjustment for inflation. in the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2010, each of the dollar amounts in the table in paragraph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to such amount, multiplied by the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which such taxable year begins by substituting"
1411,"<pad> summarize: the federal personal property utilization and donation program is measured in terms of United States dollars which are not spent by the donees on new and expensive property. the federal government is merely its public custodian. the current system for donation of surplus Federal personal property has been undermined by programs that mandate that property be made available on a priority basis to foreign entities before the safety, health, education, and training needs. Section 2547 of title 10, United States Code is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""the Secretary of Defense"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""subject to subsection, the Secretary of Defense"", (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e). nonlethal excess supplies of the Department of Defense shall be made available to a State, a local government of a State, a territory, or a possession, upon the request of the State, Section 607 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended in subsection (d) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively. no property may be transferred under paragraph (1) unless the Administrator of General Services determines that there is no Federal or State use requirement for the property under any other provision of law.the Administrator of General Services shall review all statutes relating to the disposal and donation of surplus personal property and submit to Congress a report on such statutes. the amount and type of property administered under each such program during the 2 most recent fiscal years. legislative recommendations to integrate and consolidate all such programs to be administered by a single Federal authority working with State agencies while accomplishing the purposes of such programs. "
1412,"<pad> summarize: a commemorative commemorative coin honoring president Kennedy's legacy of courage, service, innovation, and inclusion will be a reminder to future generations of the importance of service to one's country. a commemoration coin honoring President Kennedy's legacy of courage, service, innovation, and inclusion will be a reminder to future generations. $1 silver coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender. the coins minted under this Act shall be considered numismatic items. the coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender. numismatic items are considered legal items.design of coins minted under this Act will be emblematic of the life and legacy of president john f. Kennedy. design of coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary. design of coins minted under this Act shall be reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on January 1, 2020.sale price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins. prepaid orders are accepted before the issuance of such coins. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted. prepaid orders are accepted.all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin. limitations may be included if issuance of such coin would result in the number of commemorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual 2 commemorative coin program issuance limitation. "
1413,"<pad> summarize: the most popular of these programs has been downloaded over 200 million times. at any one time, there are over 3 million people using it. child pornography is easily found and downloaded using peer-to-peer systems. in 2002, there was a fourfold increase in the number of reports of child pornography on peer-to-peer systems.the term ""juvenile"" means an individual under the age of 18. the term ""juvenile"" includes a legal guardian. ""verifiable parental consent"" means any reasonable effort to ensure that a parent of a juvenile receives notice. a violation of the regulations prescribed under subsection (b)(2) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under subsection (b)(2). if such person does not reside in the United States, designate a resident agent for service of process in the united states, and file with the Commission such designation and the address of the office or usual place of residence of the agent. the Commission shall enforce this Act, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to this Act, in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions were incorporated into and made a part of this Act. any entity that violates such regulations shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act in the same manner, by the same attorney general or other appropriate authority of a State may bring civil action on behalf of the residents of a state. if the attorney general or other appropriate authority of a State determines that it is not feasible to provide the notice before the filing of the action. if the Commission intervenes in an action under subsection (a), it shall have the right to intervene with respect to any matter that arises in that action. if the Commission intervene the Commission shall conduct an annual study concerning peer-to- peer file trading software. it includes the availability of child pornography and other pornographic images and videos using such software. it may also be able to control access to and use of such software by juveniles. Sections 4(a), 5, and 6 of this Act take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. section 4(a), 5 and 6 of this Act take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. "
1414,"<pad> summarize: Section 3675 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the term 'entrepreneurship course' means a non-degree, non-credit course of business education that enables or assists a person to start or enhance a small business enterprise. the Small Business Act is amended by redesignating section 36 as section 38. a contracting officer may award a sole source contract to any certified small business concern owned and controlled by qualified service-disabled veterans if such concern is determined to be a responsible contractor with respect to performance of such contract opportunity. a contracting officer may award contracts on the basis of competition restricted to certified small business concerns owned and controlled by qualified service-disabled veterans Section 2101 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (1) The Secretary may provide assistance under subsection (a) to a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who is suffering from a disability described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of that subsection if such disability is the result of an injury incurred or disease contracted in or aggravated in line of duty in the active military, naval, or Section 3733 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraphs (2), (4), (5) and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5) respectively. in subparagraph (B)(i) of paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ""paragraph (5) of this subsection"" and inserting ""paragraph (4)""the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect with respect to deaths occurring on or after the date of the promulgation of this Act. the amendment will take effect with respect to deaths occurring on or after the date of the promulgation of this Act."
1415,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 428J of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subsection (b)(1). it may be cited as the ""Loan Forgiveness for Head Start Teachers Act of 2007"" an individual shall be eligible for loan forgiveness under this section for service described in subclause (ii) of subsection (b)(1)(A) only if such individual received a baccalaureate or graduate degree on or after the date of en"
1416,"<pad> summarize:.........................the corporation shall be governed by a board of directors with 11 members. the board shall be comprised of the chief executive officer of the Corporation. if the Corporation seeks to borrow funds for inappropriate, wasteful or unreasonably speculative activities. if the Corporation seeks to borrow funds for inappropriate, wasteful or unreasonably speculative activities."
1417,"<pad> summarize: the length of the average school year steadily increased from 144 to 178 days between 1869 and 1949. in 2008 the average number of school days per year remains at 178.5. 42 states mandate a school year of 180 or fewer days per year, or the equivalent thereof. in 2008, the number of school days per year ranges from 173 to 182. modifying the allocations under subpart 2 of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. modifying the allocations under subpart 2 of part A of title I. modifying formulas used to determine allocations includes factor that reflects: minimum number of school days in the State-mandated school year length.the term 'academic year' means the period of time beginning with the first day of a school year and ending on the last day of a school year. the term 'base level school year length' means 180 school days for the 2009-2010 academic year. the term 'instructional hours' means the number of hours within the school day that are directly devoted to student learning in core academic subjects."
1418,"<pad> summarize: section 13 of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental and Native American Public Policy Act of 1992 is amended by striking ""There are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund"" and inserting the following: Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund established under section 10 $4,250,000 for fiscal year 1998. sections 7(a)(6), 8(b), and 9(a) of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in national environmental and Native American Public Policy Act of 1992 are each amended by striking ""Fund"" and inserting ""Trust Fund"""
1419,"<pad> summarize: 500,000 african-americans migrated to the nation in 1916-1919. 500,000 of those relocated in the area. the area was home to the first public secondary school in the state of Illinois. the area was home to the first non-native inhabitant and trader.the term ""heritage area"" means the black Metropolis National Heritage Area. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""study area"" means the region bounded as follows: 18th Street on the North and 22nd Street on the South.study will determine feasibility of designating the study area as the black Metropolis National Heritage Area. the study will include analysis, documentation, and determination on whether the study area has an assemblage of natural, historic, cultural, educational, scenic, or recreational resources that together are nationally important to the heritage of the United States. the study area is best managed through agreements between public and private entities at the local or regional level. not later than 3 fiscal years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report that describes the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Secretary with respect to the study. he will submit to the committee on natural resources of the House of Representatives and the committee on energy and natural resources of the Senate."
1420,"<pad> summarize:......................... paragraph (2) of such section 2104(g) is further amended in its heading, by striking ""and 1999"" and inserting "", 1999, or 2000"" and by inserting ""2000, and 2001"", respectively. amounts used in computing redistributions for fiscal year 2001 are available for expenditure by the State through the end of fiscal year 2005. amounts specified in this clause for a State is the amount by which the State's expenditure"
1421,"<pad> summarize:......................... 168(k) is amended by striking ""January 1, 2012"" each place it appears and inserting ""January 1, 2013"" and inserting ""January 1, 2014"" the heading for paragraph (5) of section 460(c)(6)(B) of such Code is amended to read as follows. if a corporation elects to have this paragraph apply for any taxable year paragraph (1) shall not apply to any eligible qualified property placed in service by the taxpayer during such taxable"
1422,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. no additional appropriations authorized. TITLE I COMMUNICATIONS PROVISIONS Section 101. Extension of authority. Section 102. Retransmission consent negotiations. Section 103. Delayed application of JSA attribution rule. Section 325(b)(3)(C) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 USC. 325(b)(3)(C) is amended in clause (iii), by striking ""and"" at the end and inserting ""January 1, 2020"" Section 104. REPEAL OF INTEGRATION BAN. No force or effect after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall complete all actions necessary to remove the sentence described"
1423,<pad> summarize: Section 9803 of the INTERNAL REVENUE CODE is amended. it applies to group health plans that provides both medical and surgical benefits. the term 'aggregate lifetime limit' means benefits with respect to medical and surgical benefits. if the plan does not include an aggregate lifetime limit on substantially all medical and surgical benefits.
1424,"<pad> summarize: identifying information described in this paragraph with respect to an individual is as follows. identifying information described in this paragraph with respect to an individual is as follows. if the individual declines to be registered to vote in elections for federal office in the State, the individual may decline to be registered to vote in such elections. the amendments made by this Act shall take effect upon the expiration of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. if an individual provided identifying information prior to effective date described in subsection (a), the authority shall transmit such information to the appropriate State election official pursuant to section 5(a)(1) of such Act not later than such effective date. unless the motor vehicle authority determines that the information is no"
1425,"<pad> summarize: section 3485 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs. the provision of placement services described in section 3104(a)(5) of this title at an educational institution carried out under the supervision of a Department employee. the provision of counseling and assistance in identifying employment and training opportunities, help in obtaining such employment and training opportunities.the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a five-year pilot project to test the feasibility and advisability of expanding the scope of qualifying work-study activities under subsection (a) section 3485 of title 38, United States Code, to include work-study positions available on site at educational institutions. no payment may be made under the pilot project for a work-study position referred to in subsection (a) unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs has Section 3484 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(1)(E), by inserting ""or 1607"" after ""chapter 1606"" in subsection (b), by striking ""chapter 106"" and inserting ""chapter 1606 or 1607"" "
1426,"<pad> summarize: more than 128,000 individuals may be living with PF in the u.s. 48,000 individuals in the united states are diagnosed with PF annually. as many as 40,000 die annually. the median survival rate for a person with PF is 2.8 years. a national PF registry is used to collect data on PF and other interstitial lung diseases related to PF. the Advisory Board shall establish a board to be known as the National PF Registry. PF registry includes information about incidence and prevalence of PF in the u.s. subpart 2 of part C of title IV is amended by adding at the end. ""the Director of the Institute is encouraged to expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the Institute,"" he says. pulmonary fibrosis is referred to as pulmonary fibrosis. the director of the centers for disease control and prevention shall prepare a comprehensive plan. not later than a year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall submit the national Pulmonary Fibrosis Action Plan.nhs secretary will convene a summit of researchers, representatives of academic institutions, policymakers, public health professionals, patients, patient advocates, and others with expertise in research and care of pulmonary fibrosis. the summit convened under subsection (a) shall focus on a broad range of research activities relating to the epidemiology and pathogenesis of pulmonary fibrosis. nhs secretary of health and human services shall make"
1427,"<pad> summarize: Section 404(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ""to close or consolidate"" and inserting ""paragraph"" and inserting ""paragraph"" and inserting ""paragraph"" and inserting ""paragraph"" and inserting ""paragraph (4)"""
1428,"<pad> summarize: technical standards developed or adopted by voluntary consensus standards bodies have replaced thousands of unique Government standards and specifications allowing the national economy to operate in a more unified way. the government can avoid the cost of developing duplicative Government standards and to more readily use products and components designed for the commercial marketplace. tens of thousands of voluntary consensus standards are available for government use.section 2 of the national cooperative research and production Act of 1993 is amended in subsection (a) by adding at the end the term'standards development activity' means any action taken by a standards development organization for the purpose of developing, promulgating, revising, amending, reissuing, interpreting, or otherwise maintaining a voluntary consensus standard. the term 'technical standard' has the meaning given such term in section 12(d Section 3 of the national cooperative research and production act of 1993 is amended. it includes striking ""of any person in making or performing a contract to carry out a joint venture shall"" a standards development organization while engaged in a standards development activity.Section 4 of the national cooperative research and production act of 1993 is amended in subsections (a)(1), (b)(1), and (c)(1) by inserting "", for a standards development activity engaged in by a standards development organization against which such claim is made"". subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall not be construed to modify the liability under the antitrust laws. section 5 of the national cooperative research and production act of 1993 is amended in subsection (a). it is inserted after ""joint venture"" in subsection (a). it applies to anyone who directly participates in a standards development activity. section 6 is amended in subsection (a) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). a standards development organization may, not later than 90 days after commencing a standards development activity engaged in for the purpose of developing or promulgating a voluntary consensus standards or not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Standards Development Organization Advancement Act of 2002, whichever is later. "
1429,<pad> summarize: a person or entity with respect to a technical noncompliance may be subject to a single civil monetary penalty. a voluntary disclosure is deemed to be deemed to be accepted if the disclosure does not conform to clause (iii) a voluntary disclosure is submitted to the Secretary within 90 days after the receipt of the disclosure.
1430,<pad> summarize:......................... section 3(b) of the Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area Act of 2000 is amended. boundaries shall be as follows. yuma CROSSING NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT. yuma CROSSING NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA shall be comprised generally.
1431,<pad> summarize: final rule will replace with a uniform efficiency descriptor the energy factor descriptor for covered water heaters established under this subsection. final rule may exclude a specific category of covered water heaters if the category does not have a residential use and can be clearly described in the final rule.
1432,"<pad> summarize: $1 silver coins for National Parks Observing Historic Anniversaries of their Founding. each coin shall weigh 26.73 grams, (2) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. the coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender, as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. design of the coins minted under this Act shall be developed in consultation with the National Park Foundation. the design of the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary after consultation with the Commission of Fine Arts and the National Parks Foundation. only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act beginning January 1 of the year of issuance. no coins shall be minted after December 31 of the year of issuance specified in section 4(d) sale price equal to the face value, plus the cost of designing and issuing such coins. prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. prepaid orders will be accepted before the issuance of such coins.50 percent of the surcharges received shall be used by the National Park Foundation for the benefit of the National Parks designated in section 4(d). all sales of coins issued under this Act shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin. no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution."
1433,"<pad> summarize: the terms ""gift certificate"", ""store gift card"", and ""general-use prepaid card"" have the following meanings. the term ""gift certificate"" means a written promise that is usable at a single merchant or an affiliated group of merchants that share the same name, mark, or logo. the term ""store gift card"" does not include a debit card that is linked to a demand deposit or share draft account. a dormancy fee, inactivity charge or service fee described in paragraph (1) may be charged if the certificate or card has a remaining value of $5 or less. the charge or fee does not exceed $1. a certificate or card may contain an expiration date if the expiration date is not less than 5 years from the date the card is purchased. the Act and any regulations or standards established pursuant to this Act shall not supersede any State law or regulation with respect to charges, fees, and expiration dates of gift certificates, store gift card, or general-use prepaid cards.a violation of this Act shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 USC. 57a(a)(1)(B)). actions by the Commission. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit an individual's rights to enforce a State law relating to unfair or deceptive acts or"
1434,"<pad> summarize:.........................TEMPORARY PAYROLL TAX RELIEF Section 101. the term ""qualified employer"" means any employer other than the united states. if a qualified employer is exempt from tax under section 3111(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the rate of tax in effect under section 3101(a) shall be 3.1 percent."
1435,<pad> summarize: a state may extend the 3-month period under clause (i) for an additional 3 months. a state may not receive credit towards the monthly participation rates under paragraphs (1)(B)(i) and (2)(B) of subsection (b) of subsection (b) of subsection (b)
1436,"<pad> summarize: section 815 of title 5, United States Code is amended by inserting after section 808. rules subjected to mandated Congressional review. a motion to recommit a bill shall not be debatable. a single motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed. chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 801 the following: ""subchapter i discretionary congressional review"" section 801 is subject to mandatory Congressional review. section 801 is subject to mandatory Congressional review."
1437,"<pad> summarize:.........................section 161 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""161. Open container limitations"" if apportioned under section 104(b)(b)(b)(b)(b)(b)(b)(b), the funds will remain available for apportionment to the State until the end of the fiscal year for which the funds are apportioned."
1438,"<pad> summarize: a state that fails to comply with subsection (c)(1) shall be subject to not more than a 10-percent reduction of funds that would otherwise be allocated to a State. the report required by this section shall contain information about the death of any person who is detained, under arrest, or is en route to be incarcerated. the attorney general shall carry out a study of the information reported under subsection (b) and section 3(a) the head of each Federal law enforcement agency shall submit to the Attorney General a report that contains information regarding the death of any person who is detained, under arrest, or is incarcerated or detained at any facility pursuant to a contract with such Federal law enforcement agency. information required by this section shall include, at a minimum, the information required by section 2(b)."
1439,"<pad> summarize: Section 601(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by striking subparagraphs. Section 601(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end of subparagraph (B) the term <unk> discretionary spending limit' means for the defense category with respect to fiscal year 1994, $281,151,000,000 in new budget authority and $290,361,000,000 in outlays. section 252(a) is amended by striking ""1995"" and inserting ""1998"" section 252(a) is amended by striking ""1995"" and inserting ""1998"" section 275(b) is amended by striking ""1995"" and inserting ""1998"""
1440,"<pad> summarize: more than 70 percent of parents say they've spoken with teens about credit cards wisely. more people filed for bankruptcy in 2004 than graduated from college. more people filed for bankruptcy in 2004 than graduated from college. u.s. government has not incorporated the other elements we recommended.the Secretary of the Treasury may make competitive grants to and enter into contracts with eligible institutions to establish centers of excellence to support research, development, implementation, and evaluation of effective financial literacy education programs. activities authorized to be funded by grants made under subsection (a) shall include: Developing and implementing comprehensive research based financial literacy education programs for young adults ages 15-24 years old. implementing comprehensive research based financial literacy education programs for young adults ages 15-24. authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016 for carrying out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016 for carrying out this Act.the Secretary may also prescribe such regulations. regulations may be necessary to carry out this Act. if necessary, he may prescribe such regulations. if necessary, he may prescribe such regulations. if necessary, he may prescribe such regulations."
1441,"<pad> summarize: section 1029 (c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end: Special rule for terrorism-related offenses. if the offense under this section was committed to facilitate an act of domestic terrorism or an act of international terrorism the maximum term of imprisonment is 20 years.section 513 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting. if the offense is committed to facilitate an act of domestic terrorism or an act of international terrorism the maximum term of imprisonment is 20 years after ""or both"" Section 2339A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""15 years"" and inserting ""30 years"" section 2339A of title 18, United States Code is amended by striking ""15 years"" and inserting ""30 years"" sentencing Commission shall review and, if appropriate, amend the sentencing guidelines and policy statements applicable to persons convicted of an offense committed to facilitate terrorism. sentencing Commission must ensure that the sentencing guidelines and policy statements reflect the serious nature of the offenses described in this Act."
1442,"<pad> summarize: the social cost of greenhouse gases represents the hypothetical cost of 1 incremental ton of carbon dioxide or methane emissions in a given year. john avlon: the social cost of carbon estimates were first developed in 2009 by an interagency working group. avlon: a review of the social cost of methane estimates violates scientific peer review requirements. avlon: if u.s. government is the term ""social cost of carbon"" means the social cost of any greenhouse gas described in a document titled ""Technical Support Document: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866"" or any successor or substantially related document. the term ""social cost of methane"" means (i) the social cost of nitrous oxide described in the document. the Secretary and the Administrator may not consider the social cost of carbon, social cost of methane, social cost of nitrous oxide, or social cost of greenhouse gas. a federal law is enacted that explicitly authorizes the consideration.enactment of this Act is pending. a report will be submitted to the committees on environmental quality. it will also be submitted to the committees on environmental quality. it will also be submitted to the committees on environmental quality. "
1443,"<pad> summarize: mercury is a transboundary pollutant that is deposited locally, regionally, and globally. eric liu: as many as 630,000 children born annually in the united states are at risk of neurological problems relating to mercury exposure in u.s. liu: u.s. must work aggressively toward minimization of supply, demand, and releases of mercury. congress declares that the united states should develop policies and programs that will reduce mercury use and emissions within the united states. reduce mercury releases from the reservoir of mercury currently in use or circulation within the united states. and reduce exposures to mercury, particularly exposures of women of childbearing age and young children.u.s. officials prohibit the manufacture of chlorine or caustic soda using mercury cells. u.s. officials have ruled out the use of mercury in chlor-alkali facilities. u.s. officials have ruled out the use of mercury in chlor-alkali facilities. u.s. officials have ruled out the use of mercury in chlor-alkali facilities."
1444,<pad> summarize:'recorded noncovered earnings' means earnings derived from noncovered service. 'adjusted total covered earnings' means earnings derived from noncovered service. 'adjusted total indexed monthly earnings' is computed or recomputed under this paragraph.
1445,"<pad> summarize: Congressional Budget Office estimates deficit will reach $1.6 trillion or 11 percent. this deficit represents the largest relative deficit since the end of world war ii. Congressional Budget Office estimates deficit will reach $1.4 trillion. we choose to help our kids.section 115(a)(3) of the emergency economic stabilization act of 2008 is amended. ""outstanding at any one time"" and inserting "", in the aggregate "". if applicable. if applicable.section 106 is amended by inserting at the end the following: Report. The Secretary of the Treasury shall report to Congress every 6 months on amounts received and transferred to the general fund under subsection (d). ""The Secretary of the Treasury shall report to Congress every 6 months on amounts received and transferred to the general fund under subsection (d). Section 304(g)(2) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D) and by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: Deficit reduction. the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit in the General Fund of the Treasury any amounts received by the Secretary for the sale of any obligation or security acquired by the Secretary under this subsection. and ensure that such amounts so deposited are dedicated for the sole purpose of deficit reduction the director will submit to congress a report on the plans of the agency. the agency will continue to support and maintain the nation's vital housing industry. the agency will guarantee that the american taxpayer won't suffer unnecessary losses. Section 1607 of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 is amended by adding at the end the following: Statewide Rejection of Funds. if funds provided to any State are not accepted for use by the Governor of the State pursuant to subsection (a) or by the State legislature pursuant to subsection (b), then all such funds shall be rescinded. and deposited in the General Fund of the Treasury, where Section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b), by inserting ""minus the aggregate amounts described in subsection (d)"" before "", outstanding at one time"" section 304(g) of the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act (12 USC. 1719(g)), section 306(l) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act (12 USC. 1455(l)), section 11(l) of the Federal Home Loan Bank"
1446,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: if same-sex marriage and religious liberty are real, it should be addressed. kohn: a religious school could lose tax-exempt status if opposing same-sex marriage. kohn: if a religious school loses tax-exempt status, it's likely going to be an issue. kohn: if a religious school loses tax-exempt status, a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or deny, delay, or revoke an exemption from taxation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of, any person referred to in subsection (a) a discriminatory action means any action taken by the Federal Government to alter in any way the Federal tax treatment of, or cause any tax, penalty, or payment to standing to assert a claim or defense under this section shall be governed by the general rules of standing under article III of the Constitution. an action under this section may be commenced, and relief may be granted, in a district court of the United States without regard to whether the person commencing the action has sought or exhausted available administrative remedies. the Attorney General may bring an action for injunctive or declaratory relief against an independent establishment described in section 104(1) Nothing in this Act shall be construed to narrow the meaning or application of any State or Federal law protecting free exercise of religious beliefs and moral convictions. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to narrow the meaning or application of any State or Federal law protecting free exercise of religious beliefs and moral convictions. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to narrow the meaning or application of any State or Federal law that is equally or more protective of free exercise the term ""federal benefit program"" has the meaning given that term in section 552a of title 5. the term ""federal"" and ""federal government"" include any department, commission, board, or other agency of the federal government, (B) any officer, employee, or agent of the federal government."
1447,"<pad> summarize:......................... u.s. customs service is authorized to be appropriated for salaries, expenses, and equipment. u.s. customs service is authorized to use the amounts authorized to be appropriated. u.s. customs service is authorized to use the amounts authorized to be appropriated. u.s. customs service is authorized to use the amounts authorized to be appropriated."
1448,"<pad> summarize: u.s. has imposed a freeze and dismantling of its graphite- moderated reactors. u.s. has diverted heavy oil received from u.s.- led Korean Peninsula energy development organization. u.s. has admitted to having a covert nuclear weapons program. ""agreed framework"" signed in Geneva on October 21, 1994. the term ""IAEA"" means the International Atomic Energy Agency. the term ""KEDO"" means the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. the term ""NPT"" means the Treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.sally kohn: syria's actions are a result of North Korea's illicit and deceitful actions over several years. kohn: syria's actions are null and void, but it's a serious threat to the security and stability. kohn: syria's actions are a result of neo-noranian no department, agency, or entity of the United States Government may provide assistance to North Korea or the Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization. u.s. government may provide assistance under the Agreed Framework. u.s. section 822(a) is amended by striking ""subsection (a) and insert ""subsection (a)(1)"" unless or until the conditions described in paragraph (2) are satisfied no agreement for cooperation. no license may be issued for export directly or indirectly to North Korea of any nuclear material, facilities, components, or other goods, services, or technology that would be subject to such agreement. the President is authorized to exercise any of his authorities under the foreign assistance act of 1961. he is authorized to impose full economic sanctions against North Korea. he is authorized to take any other appropriate action against North Korea. he is prohibited from Availability of Funds for Easing Sanctions Against North Korea.the president should take all necessary and appropriate actions. he should obtain international condemnation of North Korea. he should take all necessary and appropriate actions. he should take all necessary and appropriate actions. he should take all necessary and appropriate actions. sanjay mcdonald: the united states should begin immediately to work with other countries in the region. mcdonald's says a policy with respect to refugees from north korea would guarantee all such refugees safe arrival in a country of first asylum in which the refugees would stay on a temporary basis. mcdonald reagan: if a national of south korea is radio Free Asia increases its broadcasting with respect to north Korea to 24 hours a day. the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall ensure that Radio Free Asia increases its broadcasting with respect to north Korea to 24 hours a day.sen. john avlon: the united states should take measures, including military reinforcements. avlon: the highest level of readiness of the united states and allied forces should military action become necessary.not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the President shall submit a report to Congress regarding his actions to implement the provisions of this Act. he will submit a report to Congress regarding his actions to implement the provisions of this Act."
1449,"<pad> summarize: section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(5) by striking ""or"" at the end of paragraph. the term 'unsolicited electronic mail message' means any substantially identical electronic mail message other than electronic mail initiated by any person to others with whom such person has a prior business relationship. the term 'initiates the transmission' means, in the case of an electronic mail message, to originate the electronic mail message"
1450,"<pad> summarize: section 4980B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by amending subclause (I) of subparagraph (B)(i) to read as follows: General rule. in subclause (II), (B) by redesignating subclause (III) as subclause. in subclause (II), as so redesignated, by inserting before the period at the end the following.Section 4980B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting ""subject to subparagraph (F)(ii),"" after ""(i)"" and by adding at the end the following subparagraph: Extension of coverage for individuals age 55 or older. in the case of an individual who attains the age of 55 on the date of extended coverage under this section would otherwise end subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 25A the following new item. in the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount paid during such year as continuation health coverage premiums. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2001."
1451,<pad> summarize: Section 803A of the Native American Programs Act of 1974 is amended to read as follows. a grant to 1 eligible Hawaiian entity must be made to establish and operate a Native Hawaiian community development financial institution. a grant will be granted to a person who qualifies as a community development financial institution. Section 812 of the Native American Programs Act of 1974 is repealed.
1452,"<pad> summarize: onondaga lake watershed Council shall develop and revise the Adaptive Management Plan. the plan shall identify measurable goals for the restoration, conservation, and management of Onondaga Lake. onondaga watershed Council shall establish and carry out a comprehensive, inclusive, and ongoing program for participation of the public, including the Onondaga Nation."
1453,<pad> summarize: RURAL PHYSICIAN TRAINING GRANTS is amended after the part heading. the Secretary establishes a program to make grants to eligible entities. eligible entities must enroll no fewer than 10 students per class year into the program.
1454,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF WESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION is established. there is established an independent commission to be known as the ""Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission"" PURPOSE: the Commission shall review and evaluate the effectiveness of policies and programs. it will recommend changes to such policies and programs that could more effectively reduce the supply and trafficking of illicit drugs. a multi-year interagency counternarcotics strategy for the western Hemisphere. a multi-year inter-agency counternarcotics strategy for the western Hemisphere. review of illicit drug supply reduction, interdiction, and demand reduction policies. review of illicit drug control policies in the western Hemisphere. assessment of the extent to which the United States population's demand for illicit drugs is driven by individuals addicted to or abusive of illicit drugs. appointment. Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. vacancies shall not affect the power and duties of the Commission. vacancies shall not affect the power and duties of the Commission, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. Commission may hold hearings and undertake such other activities as the Commission determines necessary to carry out its duties. the general services administration (GSA) shall make office space available for day-to-day Commission activities and for scheduled Commission meetings.the executive director may appoint and fix the compensation of such other personnel. with the approval of the Commission, the Executive Director may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5 of title 5, United States Code.not more than $250,000 may be made available to the Commission to carry out the purposes of this Act. a total of $250,000 may be made available to the Commission to carry out the purposes of this Act. a total of $250,000 may be made available to the Commission. the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission shall terminate 60 days after submission to Congress of the report required under section 4(d). the report required under section 4(d) will not be submitted to congress. the report must be submitted to congress. "
1455,"<pad> summarize: Section 68 is hereby repealed. technical amendments are made based on taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000 taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000 taxable years.paragraph (4) of section 151(d) is amended by striking paragraph (3). taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000. the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000. taxable years beginning after December 31, 2000.Section 24 is amended by striking subsection (b) and by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (b) through (e), respectively. Conforming Amendment. Clause (ii) of section 32(n)(1)(B) is amended by striking ""section 24(d)"" and inserting ""section 24(c)"" subsection (a) of section 55 is amended to read as follows. paragraph (b) is amended to read as follows. the term <unk> tentative minimum tax' has the meaning given to such term by section 55(b)"
1456,"<pad> summarize: more than 160,000 servicemembers are serving their country. nearly one in six soldiers suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. stigma associated with mental health treatment remains a significant obstacle to seeking mental health care. untreated post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental health illnesses have been linked to severe social problems, including alcohol and drug abuse, domestic violence, child abuse.enactment of this Act requires members of the Armed Forces deploying to a combat theater to receive a mental health evaluation conducted in person by a qualified mental health professional before their deployment. a requirement that members of the Armed Forces returning from service of more than 30 days in a combat theater or who were injured in a combat theater receive a combat stress evaluation conducted in person by a qualified mental health professional within 30 days after the date program developed under subsection (a) shall be designed to increase awareness of mental health services available to dependents whose sponsors have been activated. increase awareness of mental health issues that may arise in dependents referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) whose sponsor is deployed to a combat theater. toll-free number and website devoted to helping members of the Armed Forces recognize, and locate treatment providers.memorandum of understanding includes requirements that the Department of Defense report to the Department of Veterans Affairs any case or suspected case of post-traumatic stress disorder. the department of defense report to the Department of Veterans Affairs any disciplinary measures taken against a member of the Armed Forces during or after service in a combat theater upon the member's discharge from the Armed Forces. not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act enactment of this Act will be enacted 180 days after the date of this act. the secretary of defense shall create an information clearinghouse. it will improve the availability of information about mental health professionals who treat combat stress.the secretary of defense shall prescribe regulations to provide for the availability of mental health services under the TRICARE program under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code. a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces is eligible if the member was called or ordered to active duty for a period of more than 30 days under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. the term ""qualified mental health professional"" means an accredited psychologist, psychiatrist, child psychiatrist, psychiatric nurse or clinical social worker. a student seeking a post-graduate degree in one of the following mental health-related fields: psychiatry, psychology, psychiatric nursing. "
1457,"<pad> summarize: section 10145 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. if a member is recalled to an active status under subsection (d), the member is entitled to the recomputation of the retired pay determined under section 12739 of this title."
1458,"<pad> summarize: Section 113(b) of the Act is amended by striking ""person receiving"" and inserting ""importer of imported dairy products, each person receiving"" section 113(b) of the Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the first sentence of section 113(b) of the Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. section 115(a) is amended in the first sentence. it is amended by striking ""within the sixty-day period immediately preceding September 30, 1985"" and inserting ""Every 5 years"" in the second sentence. if amended, it will be amended by striking ""six months"" and ""3 months"" Section 117 of the Dairy Production Stabilization Act of 1983 is amended in the first sentence. it is amended by striking ""Secretary shall"" and inserting ""Secretary shall not"" the second through fifth sentences are struck. "
1459,"<pad> summarize: Section 1 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 is amended. Section 976(a)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 USC. 16316(1)) is amended. Section 976(a)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 USC. 16316(1))Section 2 of the Exascale Computing for Science, Competitiveness, Advanced Manufacturing, Leadership and the Economy Act of 2015 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6) respectively. the term 'Department' means the Department of Energy.exascale computing for Science, Competitiveness, Advanced Manufacturing, Leadership and the Economy Act of 2015 is amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ""program"" and inserting ""coordinated program across the Department"" in subsection (b)(2), by striking "", which may"" and all that follows through ""architectures"" The Secretary shall conduct a research program to develop 2 or more exascale computing machine architectures to promote the missions of the Department. Section 4 of the Exascale Computing for Science, Competitiveness, Advanced Manufacturing, Leadership and the Economy Act of 2015 is amended by striking ""this Act"" and inserting ""section 3(d)"". and by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and inserting: $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. ""(2) $340,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, and $360,000,000 for fiscal year 2018"""
1460,"<pad> summarize: the term ""biomass"" means any organic material other than oil and natural gas. the term ""coal-to-liquid"" means with respect to a process or technology. the term ""coal-to-liquid"" means with respect to a process or technology. the term ""secretary"" means the secretary of energy. Section 1703(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by adding at the end: Large-scale coal-to-liquid facilities. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to provide the cost of guarantees for projects involving large-scale coal-to-liquid facilities under section 1703(b)(11). Limitations. In general. no loan guarantees shall be provided under this title for any large-scale coal-to-liquid eligible recipient may be able to repay the original amount of the loan. if eligible recipients are eligible to receive a loan under this section, an eligible recipient must repay the original amount of the loan to the Secretary not later than 5 years after the date of the receipt of the loan. Section 159 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by redesignating subsections (f), (g), (j), (k), and as subsections (a), (b), (e), (f), and (g), respectively. Section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. Section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by redesignating paragraphs"
1461,"<pad> summarize: a record of departure for every alien departing the united states will be collected. a record of departure will match the record of departure with the record of the alien's arrival in the united states. the system under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not collect a record of arrival or departure for any alien for whom the documentary requirements in section 212(a)(7)(B) of the immigration and nationality Act have been waived. a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the feasibility of developing and implementing an automated entry-exit control system. such a report will assess the costs and feasibility of various means of operating such an automated entry-exit control system. if such a system were limited to certain aliens arriving at airports, departure records of those aliens could be collected when they depart through a land the Attorney General in each fiscal years 2000, 2001, and 2002 shall increase by not less than 300 the number of full-time immigration inspectors assigned to active duty. inspectors added under the preceding sentence in each fiscal year shall be assigned equally to the northern and southern borders of the United States. "
1462,"<pad> summarize: the following provisions of the Food Security Act of 1985 are each amended by striking ""1995"" and inserting ""2005"" section 1230(a) (16 USC. 3830(a)) (16 USC. 3831(a)). section 1231(b)(3) (16 USC. 3831(b)(3)). section 1231(a) (16 USC. 3831(b)(3)) subchapter B of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by inserting. the Secretary shall extend or modifying contracts entered into under this subchapter. if land is not highly erodible cropland, it will be removed from the reserve.the Secretary may make grants to producers of agricultural commodities to retain land in the conservation reserve established under subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985. the Secretary may not select more than 3 sites in each State with respect to which grants are to be made under paragraph (1)."
1463,"<pad> summarize: a state or not-for-profit organization seeking a grant under this subsection shall submit an application. a state, locality, or not-for-profit organization shall use grant amounts awarded under this subsection. the director shall award competitive grants to states, localities, and not-for-profit organizations. nhs director undertakes additional cancer quality of life and survivorship research. research supported under section 317U(f) may include examination of evidence-based practices relating to cancer care, survivorship, and follow-up care."
1464,"<pad> summarize: section 6426 is amended by striking ""agri-biodiesel"" and inserting ""biodiesel"" in paragraph (1) and inserting ""subsection (b) and ""in general"" the heading of section 6426 is amended by striking ""agri-biodiesel"" and inserting ""biodiesel"""
1465,"<pad> summarize: Section 901 of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 shall not apply to the amendments made by section 202 of such Act. the amendment made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2011. if any amount as increased under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $10, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10."
1466,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2009. each medical facility project will be completed in an amount not to exceed $769,200,000. replacement of the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Denver, Colorado, due to damage from hurricane Katrina. AUTHORIZATION OF FISCAL YEAR 2009 MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES may be carried out in fiscal year 2009 at the locations specified. for an outpatient clinic, Brandon, Florida, $4,326,000. for an outpatient clinic, Eugene, Oregon, $5,826,000. for expansion of an outpatient clinic, Greenville, South Carolina, $3,731,000. authorization of Appropriations for medical facility leases authorized in section 1. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2009. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2009. "
1467,"<pad> summarize: the department of Veterans Affairs is responsible by law for safeguarding and holding confidential records containing personal identifying information. it is the responsibility of the department when such identifying information is lost or compromised due to carelessness of the Department or its employees.the Office of Identity Protection is established within the Department of Veterans Affairs. the purpose of the Office shall be to prevent the loss or compromise of personal identifying information about present and former members of the Armed Forces and their family members that is required by section 5701 of title 38. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, acting through the Office of Veterans Identity Protection, shall notify each individual whose personal identifying information was lost or compromised of that loss or compromise. the Inspector General of the department of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a study of the data security practices of the Department. the study includes practices relating to access to personal identifying information held by the Department. it will also provide the authorization process for removing such data from secure custody.any officer or employee of the department of Veterans Affairs removes from the custody of the department. he must be fined or imprisoned not more than 2 years. he must be fined or imprisoned."
1468,"<pad> summarize: a member of the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. a member of the Commission who is not an officer or employee shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level ES5 of the Senior Executive Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. a review and report will examine changes in law and management practices and policies aimed at reducing administration and management overhead costs by 50 per cent. a lesser proportion of land management agencies' resources to the provision of services in the field. a proposal to establish a single land management agency in 1 of the executive departments or as an independent agency to manage all of the land managed by the land management agencies.a motion to reconsider the vote by which an implementing bill is agreed to or not agreed to shall not be in order. a motion further to limit debate on an implementing bill is in order and not debatable. a motion further to limit debate on an implementing bill is in order and not debatable. a motion further to limit debate on an implementing bill is in order and not debatable.$600,000 is authorized to carry out this Act. there is authorized to be appropriated $600,000 to carry out this Act. u.s. embassy in california is authorized to be appropriated. "
1469,<pad> summarize: section 402 of the federal water pollution Control Act is amended by adding at the end the following: Prohibition on Sewage Dumping Into the Great Lakes. the term 'discharge' includes a direct or indirect discharge of untreated sewage or partially treated sewage from a treatment works into the Great Lakes or a tributary of the Great Lakes. a public owned treatment works is prohibited from performing
1470,"<pad> summarize: a waiver under section 503A may apply only with respect to certain types of pharmacies and pharmacists. waivers may apply only with respect to certain types of pharmacies and pharmacists. waivers may be granted by a State to a pharmacy or pharmacist. Section 510(g) of the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end a flush text. section 704(a)(2) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end the following flush text. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1471,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. institute of medicine conference on pain....................... pain research at national institutes of health..................... pain care education and training. pain care education and training.................... public awareness campaign on pain management. pain management campaign aims to raise awareness of pain management................if the Institute of Medicine declines to enter into an agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services may enter into such agreement with another appropriate entity. a report summarizing the Conference's findings and recommendations shall be submitted to the Congress not later than June 30, 2011. a report summarizing the Conference's findings and recommendations shall be submitted to the Congress not later than June 30, 2011. NIH is encouraged to continue and expand, through the Pain Consortium. 'Pain Consortium' means the Pain Consortium of the National Institutes of Health or a similar trans-national Institutes of Health coordinating entity designated by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection.edwards may be made to health professions schools, hospices, and other public and private entities. awards may be made under subsection (a) only if the applicant agrees that the program carried out with the award will include information and education on recognized means for assessing, diagnosing, treating, and managing pain and related signs and symptoms. the public health service act is amended by adding at the end of title II. the secretary shall establish and implement a national pain care education outreach and awareness campaign under this section. the campaign will educate consumers, patients, their families, and other caregivers. "
1472,"<pad> summarize: section 4(b) of the Act of August 9, 1950 (16 USC. 777c(b)), is amended to read as follows. a sum equal to $7,500,000 of the amount available for a fiscal year 1995, $40,000,000 for fiscal year 1996, $55,000,000 for fiscal year 1997, and $69,000,000 for each of fiscal years 1998 and 1999. a sum equal to $10,000,000 of the amount available for each of fiscal years 1998 and 1999 shall nontrailerable recreational motorboats contribute 15 percent of the gasoline taxes deposited in the Aquatic Resources Trust Fund while constituting less than 5 percent of the recreational vessels in the united states. more Aquatic Resources Trust Fund moneys should be spent on recreational vessel access facilities that benefit nontrailerable vessels. a state may develop and submit to the Secretary of the Interior a plan for the construction and renovation of public facilities for transient nontrailer ""act of August 9, 1950"" means the Act to provide that the United States shall aid the States in fish restoration and management projects. ""nontrailerable vessel"" means a recreational vessel greater than 26 feet in length. ""public facilities for transient nontrailerable vessels"" means mooring buoys, day-docks, seasonal slips."
1473,"<pad> summarize: ii) of section 32(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""$3,000"" and inserting ""$5,000"" the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. the table contained in section 32(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: Youth formerly in foster care. a return is described in this subsection if such return is in such form as the Secretary may prescribe.Section 32(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the last sentence of section 32(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""section 7703"" and inserting ""section 7703(a)"""
1474,"<pad> summarize: trauma accounts for 4 of the top ten causes of death and disability-adjusted life years lost worldwide. in a single year trauma accounts for over 160,000 deaths a year. despite these alarming facts, the national Institutes of Health support ratio for HIV is $3.51, for cancer is $1.65, and for trauma is $0.10 cents. the secretary of defense shall establish a national Trauma Institute Research Program as a military-civilian public-private partnership to nationally fund trauma research. the national Trauma Institute Research Program shall be to develop and implement revolutionary medical technologies to improve injury prevention and diagnosis, survival, and quality of life for victims of trauma and burn injury. a competitive, peer-reviewed trauma research grant program that supports research that includes, at a minimum: Injury prevention and education $25,000,000 is appropriated for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. such funds shall not be available for general administrative expenses of the Secretary of defense. the secretary of defense is authorized to be appropriated for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1475,"<pad> summarize: Section 2 of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended. it is inserting ""restore the rule of law"" and ""restore the rule of law"" the act acknowledges past human rights abuses and orders inquiries into disappearances. Section 4(a) of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended in paragraph (1). it is striking ""costly deployment of troops to the Democratic Republic of the Congo"" and inserting ""private appropriation of public assets"" section 4(b)(2) of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended in subparagraph (A) by striking ""dollar"" and inserting ""currency"" in subparagraph (b)(2). a bank should review feasibility of restructuration, rescheduling, or eliminating sovereign debt.the government of Zimbabwe takes concrete, tangible steps towards good governance. economic reforms that promote growth, address unemployment and underdevelopment, restore livelihoods, ensure respect for contracts and private property rights. the government holds an election widely accepted as free and fair based on pre- and post- election criteria or conditions. candidates are not permitted to actively participate in campaigning for any candidate nor to intimidate voters. Section 4(d) of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended in paragraph (3). paragraph (4) is striking ""consistent with"" and all that follows through ""September 1998"" paragraph (5) is redesignated as paragraph (4).Section 5(a) of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended in paragraph (2). it is amended in paragraph (2) by striking "", including the payment of costs"" and all that follows through ""thereto, and"" and inserting a semicolon. Section 6 of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended by inserting ""Australia, the United Kingdom, the African Union, the Southern African Development Community,"" after ""Canada"" Section 6 of the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001 is amended by inserting ""Australia, the United Kingdom, the African Union, the Southern African Development Community""SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ENFORCEMENT OF SOUTHERN AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT TRIBUNAL RULINGS. senate of congress should enforce the SADC tribunal rulings. 18 disputes involving employment, commercial, and human rights cases. "
1476,"<pad> summarize: presentation authorized by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. a gold medal of appropriate design will be presented to the president of Mercy Ships. a gold medal of appropriate design will be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury.the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 2 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items."
1477,"<pad> summarize: cat Island is one of the last remaining tracts in the lower Mississippi Valley that is still influenced by the natural dynamics of the river. cat Island is important habitat for several declining species of forest songbirds and supports thousands of wintering waterfowl. conservation and enhancement of this area through inclusion in the National Wildlife Refuge System would help meet the habitat conservation goals. ""Refuge"" means the Cat Island National Wildlife Refuge. ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""refuge"" means the cat island national wildlife refuge. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. conservation, restore, and manage habitats as necessary to contribute to migratory bird population goals. conservation, restore, and manage habitats as necessary to contribute to the habitat objectives. conservation, conservation, and conservation efforts are also underway. the Secretary is authorized to establish the Cat Island National Wildlife Refuge. it is comprised of approximately 36,500 acres of land and water. the Secretary is authorized to acquire the lands and waters, or interests therein, within the acquisition boundary described in subsection (a) of this section. the Secretary shall establish the Refuge by publication of a notice to that effect in the Federal Register.the Secretary shall administer all lands, waters, and interests acquired under this Act in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966. the Secretary may use such additional statutory authority as may be available for the conservation of fish and wildlife. he shall ensure that hunting, fishing, wildlife observation and photography, and environmental education and interpretation are the priority public uses.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of the Interior such funds as may be necessary for the acquisition of lands and waters designated in section 5(c). and such funds as may be necessary for the development, operation, and maintenance of the Refuge. building proposed to be located within the boundaries of the Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge. reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the united states deemed to be a reference. reference in a law, map, regulation, document, document, or other record of the united states. section 6 of the Junior Duck Stamp Conservation and Design Program Act of 1994 is redesignated as section 7 relating to an environmental education center and refuge. effective on the day after the date of the enactment of the Cahaba River National Wildlife Refuge Establishment Act, section 6 of that Act is redesignated as section 7. enactment of enactment of the Act entitled ""An Act to reauthorize the Junior Duck Stamp Conservation and Design"
1478,"<pad> summarize: section 381 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item. the term <unk> qualified NAFTA-impacted community wages' shall not include wages taken into account. if a designated area meets the requirements of this subsection, the designated area shall remain in effect if the state and the local governments in which it is located. grants to states that contain NAFTA-impacted communities are designated under section 1400M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. grants to nonprofit organizations and community or junior colleges are provided to provide short-term job training courses, courses in entrepreneurism and self-employment. the total amount provided under a grant to a State under subsection (a) for a fiscal year may not exceed the product of $1,000,000. And the number of NAFTA-impacted communities"
1479,"<pad> summarize: the red river valley is located along the Red River Waterway in Caddo, Bossier, Red River, Natchitoches, and De Soto Parishes. the bottomland hardwood forests of the Red River Valley have been almost totally cleared. the red river valley is part of a major continental migration corridor for migratory birds funneling through the mid continent from as far north as the Arctic Circle and as far south as South America. 50,000 acres of federal lands, waters, and interests therein within the boundaries depicted on the map dated September 5, 2000. the Secretary shall make such minor revisions as may be appropriate to carry out the purposes of the Refuge or to facilitate the acquisition of property within the Refuge. purposes: to provide for the restoration and conservation of native plants and animal communities on suitable sites in the Red River basin, including restoration of extirpated species. the Secretary shall administer all lands, waters, and interests therein acquired under section 5 in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 and the Act of September 28, 1962. he shall issue a management plan for the Refuge. the management plan shall include provisions that provide for: Planning and design of trails and access points.the Secretary may acquire up to 50,000 acres of lands, waters, or interests therein. any lands, waters, or interests acquired by the Secretary under this section shall be part of the Refuge described in section 3(a)(1). there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. if you have any questions, please contact the secretary on 08457 90 90 90 or visit www.samaritans.org.""refuge"" means the Red River National Wildlife Refuge established under section 3. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior."
1480,<pad> summarize:......................... federal policies and strategies aimed at curbing illegal immigration and criminal alien activity. a study found that the number of undocumented aliens in a county has risen. a federal law enforcement agency has reacted to this.
1481,"<pad> summarize: Chapter 13 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1310 the following new item relating to section 1311 Continuing appropriations. if any regular appropriation bill for a fiscal year does not become law, there is appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. if the corresponding regular appropriation bill for such preceding fiscal year did not become law then in a joint resolution making the amendments made by this Act shall have no force or effect 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments shall have no force or effect 5 years after the date of enactment. "
1482,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct surveys nationwide to measure cannabis use by veterans. one survey shall collect information from veterans who use medicinal cannabis, including both veterans enrolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, and veterans who are not so enrolled."
1483,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds students are most successful when they have personal, attentive support. national service provides valuable support to elementary and secondary schools and has a record for improving student academic achievement. if you are a low-performing school, you should be able to turn your schools around. the term ""eligible entity"" means an elementary or secondary school. the term ""low-performing school"" means an individual described under section 1116. the term ""school turnaround corps project"" means a project carried out by an eligible entity that is a permissible use of funds for a grant under this Act. INTERAGENCY AGREEMENT FOR SCHOOL TURNAROUND GRANTS. the Chief Executive Officer shall enter into an interagency agreement similar to an interagency agreement described in section 121(b) of the national and community service Act of 1990. funds appropriated under this Act may be used as if for the purposes for which funds may be provided through grants under section 121(a) of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 the Chief Executive Officer shall reserve not less than 1 percent, and not more than 2 percent, of the amount appropriated to carry out this Act for each fiscal year to award grants under this Act to Indian tribes and organizations serving tribal populations. in making grants under this Act, the Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the Secretary, shall give priority to eligible entities that will serve significant populations of low-income students. reducing high-quality, individualized learning time. Increasing each grantee agrees to submit an annual report at such time, in such manner. each annual report under this subsection shall describe the degree to which progress has been made toward meeting the annual benchmarks and long-term goals and objectives described in the grant recipient's application. demographic data about low-performing schools, including the number of low-income and minority students served in each program.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years. if necessary. if appropriated to carry out this Act $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. "
1484,"<pad> summarize: more than 65 million people have been displaced by disasters and conflicts around the world. more than half of the population of displaced people are children. nearly 4 million school-aged displaced children lack access to primary education.SENSE OF CONGRESS is critical to ensuring that children displaced by conflicts overseas are able to access educational services. education needs of vulnerable women and girls should be considered in the design, implementation, and evaluation of related United States foreign assistance policies and programs.it is the policy of the united states to partner with and encourage other countries to support efforts to ensure that displaced children have access to safe primary and secondary education. work with donors to enhance training and capacity-building for the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of displaced people to design, implement, and monitor programs to effectively address barriers to such education.the secretary of state and the administrator are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to support programs that provide safe primary and secondary education for displaced children. build the capacity of institutions in countries hosting displaced people to prevent discrimination against displaced children, especially displaced girls, who seek access to such education. help increase the access of displaced children, especially displaced girls, to educational, economic, and entrepreneurial opportunities. enactment of this Act enacts foreign assistance program for natural or manmade disaster relief or response. breakdown of beneficiaries by location, age, gender, marital status, and school enrollment status. a description of any primary or secondary educational services supported by such program that specifically address the needs of displaced girls."
1485,"<pad> summarize:......................... paragraph 170(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: Contributions of qualified conservation contributions. if aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) exceeds the limitation of clause (i), such excess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with"
1486,"<pad> summarize: more than 200 NMHCs are currently in operation across the u.s. more than 45% of the payor mix is uninsured, and 37 percent are Medicaid recipients. NMHCs provide a medical home for the underserved. lack of adequate funding has caused 39 percent of the NMHCs established between 1993 and 2001 to close.the term <unk> comprehensive primary health care services' means health care related to adult, family, and pediatric health. the term <unk> medically underserved population' has the meaning given such term in section 330(b)(3). the term 'vulnerable population' means a population that lacks access to adequate primary care or suffers from increased health disparities due to factors such as health, age, race, ethnicity, s"
1487,"<pad> summarize: if a bonus, pay, or similar benefit was issued erroneously, the Secretary may require a member of the Army National Guard to repay any bonus, pay, or similar benefit described in subsection (a). if a member knowingly received the bonus, pay, or similar benefit repaid by a member before the date of the enactment of this Act, repay the member the amount so repaid by the member."
1488,"<pad> summarize: ERISA amendments are made to the public health service act. if a health insurance issuer intends to terminate coverage or allow a policy to lapse, the issuer may not terminate coverage retroactively. the issuer may not terminate coverage retroactively. if a group health plan failed to pay to the issuer premiums necessary to maintain coverage."
1489,"<pad> summarize: Section 215(a)(4)(B)(i) of such Act (42 USC. 415(a)) is amended by striking ""1984"" and inserting ""1989"". the term 'adjusted old-law benefit amount' means the amount computed or recomputed under this subsection as in effect in December 1978 or subsection (d) the amendments made by this Act shall be effective as if included in the amendments made by section 201 of the Social Security Amendments of 1977. the amendments made by this Act shall apply only with respect to benefits for months after November 1993. "
1490,"<pad> summarize: sequestration to achieve a balanced federal budget is amended. a sequestration rate equals 2 percent of the budget baseline for the fiscal year beginning on October 1 of the calendar year during which such sequestration occurs. a sequestration order is precluded and this section is no longer suspended.rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. ""passage of exemptions from sequestrations to achieve a balanced budget"" a bill or joint resolution, amendment, or conference report carrying an additional exemption may not be considered as passed unless so determined by a vote of not less than three-fifths of the Members voting, a quorum being present."""
1491,"<pad> summarize: section 214(d) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by inserting ""(1)"" before ""A visa"" a United States citizen or a legal permanent resident may not file more than 1 application for a visa under section 101(a)(15)(K)(i) in any 1-year period. international marriage broker is fined in accordance with section 652 of the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act of 2003. a civil penalty of not more than $20,000 may be imposed if a foreign national client violates this section or section 7 of the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act of 2003. if a foreign national client has a history of domestic violence, he may be fined. section 214(d) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by section 2. a petitioner for a visa under clause (i) or (iii) of section 101(a)(15)(K) must undergo a national criminal background check conducted using the national criminal history background check system. consular officer discloses information in the native language of the alien applicant. information concerning the illegality of domestic violence in the u.s. and availability of resources for victims of domestic violence may not be accurate. the requirement that international marriage brokers provide foreign national clients with responses of clients to questions relating to the client's domestic violence history and marital history. section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 is amended in subsection (d)(2) by inserting ""and the role of international marriage brokers"" the Task Force shall meet not less than 2 times in a calendar year. the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services is required to provide information described in section 652(c) of the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, 1997 (8 USC. 1375(c)), as amended by section 3. an alien who is in the united states on a visa under clause (i) or (iii) of section 101(a)(15)(K) cannot be used as evidence that the marriage was not entered into in good faith. Section 214(d) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. it is inserted in the section 214(d) and inserts ""Secretary of Homeland Security"". a new section of the immigration and nationality act is amended. this Act, or amendments made by this Act, shall preempt any State law that provides additional protection for aliens who are utilizing the services of an international marriage broker. this Act provides additional protection for aliens who are utilizing the services of an international marriage broker. it is defined in section 652 of the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, 1997. "
1492,"<pad> summarize:.........................if an alien establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary, the Secretary shall provide immigration relief for such alien under subsection (c) relief pending approval. the term ""eligible alien"" means an alien who obtained status as a nonimmigrant on or after January 1, 1980, and who was a national of the Republic of Korea."
1493,<pad> summarize: 'qualified' contributions to an education scholarship organization. 'education scholarship organization' means any organization exempt from tax under section 501(c)(2). 'eligible student' means an individual enrolled in an elementary or secondary school. 'eligible student' means an individual enrolled in an elementary or secondary school.
1494,"<pad> summarize: short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents....... Medicare diabetes screening collaboration and outreach program. diabetes screening collaboration and outreach program aims to improve the quality of life. diabetes screening collaboration and outreach programs are available if you have a diabetes screening program if you have a diabetes screening program.Advisory group regarding diabetes and chronic illness employee wellness incentivization and disease management best practices. Advisory group regarding diabetes and chronic illness employee wellness incentivization and disease management best practices.... National Diabetes Report Card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card. vital statistics collection is improved. vital statistics collection has been improved. a number of vital stats have been collected. a number of vital stats have been collected. a number of vital stats have been collected.one in three Americans born in 2000 will get diabetes. one in two Hispanic females born in 2000 will get diabetes. diabetes contributes to over 224,000 deaths a year. diabetes is the leading cause of new blindness in America. MEDICARE DIABETES SCREENING COLLABORATION AND OUTREACH PROGRAM. the secretary of health and human services will review uptake and utilization of the diabetes screening benefit to address existing problems with regard to utilization and data collection mechanisms to accurately track uptake. establish an outreach program to identify existing efforts by agencies and by the private and nonprofit sectors to increase awareness among Medicare beneficiaries and providers.advisory group established under subsection (a) shall examine and make recommendations of best practices of employee wellness incentivization and disease management programs. the advisory group established under subsection (a) shall examine and make recommendations of best practices of chronic illness employee wellness incentivization and disease management programs in order to save money and improve quality of life for patients with chronic illnesses. each Report Card shall include statistically valid aggregate health outcomes related to individuals diagnosed with diabetes and prediabetes including preventative care practices and quality of care, (B) risk factors. and outcomes. Updated reports. Each Report Card that is prepared after the initial Report Card shall include trend analysis for the Nation and, to the extent possible, for each State.the secretary of health and human services promotes education and training of physicians on the importance of birth and death certificate data and how to properly complete these documents. he may promote the addition of language to death certificates to improve collection of diabetes mortality data, including a question for the individual certifying to the cause of death. the secretary of health and human services conducts a study of the impact of diabetes on the practice of medicine in the united states. not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report on the study under subsection (a) to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committees on finances and health, education, labor, and pensions of the"
1495,"<pad> summarize: wireless E911 was established to provide emergency communications systems for end-users of mobile services and the public. prepaid mobile services are purchased by customers at retail on a ""pay-as-you-go"" basis, and there are no bills. prepaid mobile services are typically funded on a monthly billed or postpaid basis. prepaid mobile services are purchased at retail on a ""pay-as-you-go"" basis. no State or local jurisdiction shall impose a new unfair or inequitable E911 fee, tax, or surcharge. the term ""e911 fee"" means any 911 or E911 fee, tax, or surcharge imposed or designated by a State or local jurisdiction. ""postpaid mobile service"" means a mobile service which is paid for in advance, is sold in predetermined units or dollars."
1496,"<pad> summarize: the term ""presiding judge"" means the judge presiding over a court proceeding concerned. the presiding judge shall not permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising to the public of any court proceeding over which that judge presides. the presiding judge shall not permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising of any juror."
1497,"<pad> summarize: the department of Education Organization Act is amended in section 203(b) (20 USC. 3413(b)), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs. the Assistant Secretary for postsecondary education shall make publicly available on the Department's website a list of institutions under investigation, the sanctions or findings issued pursuant to such investigations, and a copy of program reviews and resolution agreements entered into with the Secretary or Attorney General. Section 203(c) of the department of education organization Act is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (3). by adding "", and"" at the end of paragraph (4), the following new paragraph is added. a sexual violence climate survey is developed and approved by the secretary. the survey assesses the occurrence on campus or in a noncampus building or property. the survey assesses the occurrence of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.an aggrieved individual may allege a violation in a judicial proceeding. a court may award an aggrieved individual all appropriate relief. the statute of limitations period shall be determined in accordance with section 1658(a) of title 28.Section 485(f)(13) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by striking ""in the same amount and"" expect that such section shall be applied by substituting <unk> $100,000' for <unk> $25,000''paragraph (8) of section 485(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 1092(f)) is amended by adding at the end following new subparagraphs. the statement of policy described in subparagraph (A) shall be written using simple and understandable language and clear formatting. each such group, team, or organization shall ensure that each such group, team, or organization distribute a copy of such policy to each of its members campus sexual violence task force will provide relevant information. 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force will submit to congress a plan. a plan for recruiting, retaining, and training a highly-qualified workforce.section 485(f) of Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by striking ""sex offenses, forcible or nonforcible"" and inserting ""sexual assault"" the term'sexual assault' meets the definition of rape, fondling, incest, or statutory rape."
1498,"<pad> summarize: the united states is an Arctic Nation with an approximately 700-mile border with the Arctic Circle. the Arctic region of the united states is home to an indigenous population that has subsisted for millennia on the abundance in marine mammals, fish, and wildlife.Section 104(a) of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 is amended in paragraph (2). by inserting ""establish"" and ""assist in establishing"". 104(a) of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 is amended in paragraph (4). Section 401 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998 is amended by adding at the end the following. '40 percent of such amounts shall be made available without further appropriations,' he says. "
1499,<pad> summarize: Section 51(d)(3)(A)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)(ii)) is amended by adding a new paragraph (15) as follows Credit allowed for unemployed
1500,"<pad> summarize: ""district"" means the Carlsbad Irrigation District. term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. term ""Project"" means all right, title, and interest in and to lands in Eddy County. if no changes are expected following the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall complete the conveyance expeditiously, but not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. if the Secretary fails to complete the conveyance under this Act before the applicable deadline under paragraph (1) or (2), the full cost of administrative action and environmental compliance shall be borne by the Secretary. if the Secretary fails to complete the conveyance before Nothing in this Act shall be construed as significantly expanding or otherwise changing the use and operation of the Project from its current use. if the District alters the operations or uses, it shall comply with all applicable laws or regulations governing such changes at that time. the District shall assume all rights and obligations of the united states. except as provided in subsection (b), upon conveyance of the Project under this Act the District shall assume all rights and obligations of the United States under the agreement dated July 28, 1994 relating to management of certain lands near Brantley Reservoir. enactment of this Act requires a written identification of all mineral and grazing leases, licenses, and permits relating to Project lands. the District shall assume all rights and obligations of the United States for all mineral and grazing leases, licenses, and permits existing on the Project lands conveyed under section 3. the District shall assume all rights and obligations of the United States for all mineral and grazing leases, license a water conservation practice can be voluntarily implemented voluntarily. this Act does not limit the ability of the district to voluntarily implement water conservation practices. a water conservation practice can be implemented by the district. a water conservation practice can also be implemented by the district. u.s. shall not be liable. unless otherwise provided by law. liable arising out of any act, omission or occurrence based on ownership or operation. u.s. is not liable. the District shall not be eligible for any emergency loan from the Bureau of Reclamation for maintenance or replacement of any facility conveyed under this Act. the district will not be eligible for any emergency loan from the Bureau of Reclamation for maintenance or replacement of any facility conveyed under this Act."
1501,"<pad> summarize: the number and description of the approved projects approved by the North American Development Bank. description includes the level of market-rate loans, non-market-rate loans, and grants used in an approved project. the number and description of the approved projects in which money has been dispersed. the number and description of the approved projects in which money has been dispersed.sally kohn: irrigators and agricultural producers are suffering enormous hardships. kohn: statewide water conservation projects are eligible for funding. kohn: statewide water conservation projects can be financed by u.s. and u.s.sen. eric liu: SENSE OF THE CONGRESS RELATING TO UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR NADBANK PROJECTS WHICH FINANCE WATER CONSERVATION IN THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA AREA. he says the board should support the development of qualified water conservation projects in southern California and other eligible areas in the 4 United States border States. sally kohn: irrigators and agricultural producers are suffering enormous hardships in the southwest United States. kohn: irrigators and agricultural producers are suffering enormous hardships in the southwest United States. kohn: irrigators and agricultural producers are suffering from one of the worst droughts in history. kohn: irrigators and agricultural producers are suffering enormous hardships.board of the north American Development Bank should support the financing of projects, on both sides of the international boundary between the United States and Mexico. it is the sense of the Congress that the Board of the North American Development Bank should support the financing of projects, on both sides of the international boundary between the United States and Mexico. "
1502,"<pad> summarize: the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 1994. the amendments shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 1994. taxable years ending after December 31, 1994 taxable years."
1503,"<pad> summarize: women have entered the workforce in record numbers. even in the 1990s, women earn significantly lower pay than men for work on jobs that require equal skill, effort, and responsibility and that are performed under similar working conditions. the existence of such pay disparities depresses the wages of working families who rely on the wages of all members of the family to make ends meet. some employers have already made great strides in eradicating unfair pay disparities in the section 15(a)(3) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 USC. 215(a)(3)) is amended by striking ""or has"" each place it appears and inserting ""has"" in the sentence beginning ""An action to"", by striking ""either of the preceding sentences"" and inserting ""any of the preceding sentences of this subsection""Section 705 of the civil rights act of 1964 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. each employer who has 100 or more employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the current or preceding calendar year must maintain payroll records and to prepare and submit to the Commission reports containing information from the records. the reports shall contain pay information, analyzed by the race, sex, and national origin of the employees.the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs shall provide training on matters involving discrimination in the payment of wages. a training session will be held on behalf of affected individuals and entities based on funds appropriated under section 8(b). secretary of labor shall conduct studies and provide information to employers, labor organizations, and the general public relating to eliminating pay disparities between men and women. a national summit to discuss, and consider approaches for rectifying, the pay disparities. a business must submit a written application to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner. a business must submit a written application to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner. a business must submit a written application to the Secretary, at such time. there is authorized to be appropriated to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, for necessary expenses of the Commission in carrying out title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967. any amounts so appropriated shall remain available until expended. "
1504,<pad> summarize: federal Labor-Management Partnership Council Establishment. 7108. Implementation of labor-management partnerships throughout the executive branch. 7108. Implementation of labor-management partnerships throughout the executive branch. 7108. Implementation of labor-management partnerships throughout the executive branch.
1505,"<pad> summarize: the red river valley is located along the Red River Waterway in Caddo, Bossier, Red River, Natchitoches, and DeSoto Parishes. the bottomland hardwood forests have been almost totally cleared. the red river valley is part of a major continental migration corridor for migratory birds funneling through the mid continent from as far north as the Arctic Circle and as far south as South America. the national wildlife refuge so established shall be known as the ""Red River National Wildlife Refuge"" a notice of Establishment shall be published in the federal Register. a notice of the establishment of the Refuge shall be published in the federal Register. the Secretary shall administer all lands, waters, and interests acquired under section 5 in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 and the Act of September 28, 1962. a management plan issued under subsection (b) includes provisions that provide for: Planning and design of trails and access points. planning of wildlife and habitat restoration, including reforestation.lands, waters, and interests acquired under this subsection shall be part of the Refuge. method of acquisition. The Secretary may acquire an interest in land or water for inclusion only by donation, exchange, or purchase from a willing seller. designation of appropriate boundaries for the Refuge within the selection area consists of Caddo, Bossier, Red River, DeSoto, and Natchitoches Parishes, Louisiana. the Secretary shall not for purposes of the Refuge prohibit or preventing the continuation or development of commercial or recreational navigation on the Red River Waterway. no provision in this Act shall be construed as prohibiting or preventing, and the Secretary shall not for purposes of the Refuge prohibit or prevent.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. if you have any questions, please contact the secretary on 08457 90 90 90 or visit www.samaritans.org.""refuge"" means the Red River National Wildlife Refuge established under section 3. ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""refuge"" means the Red River National Wildlife Refuge established under section 3."
1506,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. PDP safety program to prevent fraud and abuse in Medicare prescription drug plans. establishing pDP safety program to prevent fraud and abuse........... Part D suspension of claims payment. part D suspension of claims payment................... Improving activities of Medicare Drug Integrity Contractors.. Improving activities of Medicare Drug Integrity Contractors.. Improving activities of Medicare Drug Integrity Contractors.. Improving activities of Medicare Drug Integrity Contractors. e-prescribing for coverage of covered part D controlled substances. e-prescribing required e-prescribing for coverage of covered part D controlled substances. e-prescribing required e-prescribing for coverage.section 1860D-4(b)(3)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-101(b)(3)(D)) is amended by inserting "", designed to"" after ""program"" and by inserting "", that includes the procedures described in paragraph (4)"" after ""waste""1860D-12(b)(4) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. the term 'credible allegation of fraud' includes a complaint made on the Medicare fraud hotline. a PDP sponsor may suspend payments and clean claim notifications to a pharmacy pending an investigation of credible allegation of fraud.Section 1893 of the social security act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Improving activities of Medicare drug integrity contractors. the Secretary shall authorize MEDICs to directly obtain prescription and medical records from entities such as pharmacies, PDP and physicians. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply as quickly as possible to MEDIC contracts entered into before such date of en Section 1860D-4(e) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395w-104(e) is amended by adding at the end the following: Requirement of e-prescribing for controlled substances. coverage shall not be provided for a covered part D drug unless the prescription for the drug has been transmitted electronically in accordance with an electronic prescription drug program that meets the requirements of paragraph (2). the amendment made by subsection"
1507,<pad> summarize: a requestor's quality system is certified under section 524A. the secretary shall issue a written notice to the accredited person. the requestor must submit a report of the evaluation based on a report.
1508,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 1848(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. the Secretary shall continue practice expense relative value units for certain cardiology services. for purposes of the previous sentence, the services performed primarily by cardiologists include cardiac monitoring services, services performed primarily for the diagnosis or treatment of heart disease."
1509,"<pad> summarize: 21601. Purposes. ""21603. Governing body. ""21604. Liability of officers and agents. ""21608. Transfer of donated funds. "" The board shall adopt a constitution and bylaws for the management of its property and the regulation of its affairs, which may be amended.appoint the initial voting members of the board of directors under section 21603 of title 36, United States Code. the composition of all successive boards after the initial board shall be in conformity with the constitution and bylaws of the American Indian Education Foundation organized under chapter 216 of title 36, United States Code. the secretary of the interior may provide personnel, facilities, and other administrative support services to the foundation."
1510,"<pad> summarize: the term ""administering entity"" means the entity with which the Secretary enters into an agreement under section 3(c). the term ""department"" means the Department of Energy. Secretary. The term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Energy. the Secretary shall announce each prize competition by publishing a notice in the federal register notice. this notice shall include the subject of the competition, the duration of the competition, the process for participants to register for the competition, the amount of the prize, and the criteria for awarding the prize. the authority to announce prize competitions under this Act shall terminate on September 30, 2018.the Secretary shall establish prizes for advancements in components or systems related to hydrogen production, (B) hydrogen storage, (C) hydrogen distribution, and hydrogen utilization. prizes authorized under subsection (a)(1) shall be awarded biennially to the most significant advance made in each subcategories described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (a)(1).an individual or entity must have complied with all the requirements outlined in section 3(b)(2). in the case of a private entity, shall be incorporated in and maintain a primary place of business in the united states. an individual, whether participating singly or in a group, shall be a citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the united states.the federal government shall not, by virtue of offering or awarding a prize under this Act, be entitled to any intellectual property rights derived as a consequence of, or direct relation. this section shall not be construed to prevent the Federal Government from negotiating a license for the use of intellectual property developed for a prize competition under this Act.the Secretary may require registered participants to waive claims against the administering entity arising out of unauthorized use or disclosure by the administering entity of the registered participant's intellectual property, trade secrets, or confidential business information resulting from such activity. registered participants shall be required to obtain liability insurance or demonstrate financial responsibility, in amounts determined by the Secretary, for claims by a third party for death, bodily injury or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out in connection there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the period encompassing fiscal years 2008 through 2017 for carrying out this Act $20,000,000 for awards described in section (a)(1), (B) $20,000,000 for awards described in section 4(a)(2). $10,000,000 for the award described in section 4(a)(3). no provision in this Act permits obligation or payment of funds in violation of section 1341 of title 31 of the United States Code. the programs created under this Act shall not be considered a substitute for federal research and development programs. federal research and development programs will not be considered a substitute. federal research and development programs will not be considered a substitute. "
1511,"<pad> summarize: USE OF FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT is amended by adding at the end the following: Use of civil or administrative sanctions to fund community environmental projects. a private person may elect to pay the amount of the penalty to the Treasury of the United States for deposit into the special account described in section 3113(d) of title 31, United States Code, for payment of public debt obligations."
1512,"<pad> summarize: u.s. has enacted a federal law to allow claims to recover naz-confiscated art. u.s. has enacted a federal law that prohibits states from making exceptions to statutes of limitations. u.s. has enacted a federal law to allow claims to recover nazi-confiscated art. u.s. has a history of genocidal persecution u.s. policy aims to ensure that claims to art and other property stolen or misappropriated by the Nazis are not unfairly barred by statutes of limitations but resolved in a just and fair manner. u.s. policy aims to ensure that claims to artwork and other property stolen or misappropriated by the nazis are not unfairly barred by statutes of limitations.""actual discovery"" means knowledge. the term ""artwork or other property"" means pictures, paintings, and drawings. the term ""actual discovery"" means knowledge. the term ""covered period"" means the period beginning on January 1, 1933 - ending December 31, 1945. civil claim or cause of action commenced not later than 6 years after actual discovery by the claimant or the agent of the claimant of the identity and location of the artwork or other property. actual discovery of the identity and location of the artwork or other property shall be deemed to occur on the date on which there are facts sufficient to form a substantial basis to believe that the artwork or other property was lost. a civil claim or cause of action was barred by"
1513,"<pad> summarize: the Office of Economic Conversion Information serves as a central information clearinghouse on matters relating to economic adjustment and defense conversion programs. it is the purpose of the Office to serve as a central information clearinghouse on matters relating to economic adjustment and defense conversion programs and activities of the Federal and State governments, including political subdivisions of the States. the Office shall establish a database containing all relevant information. the database includes information about the programs, eligibility requirements and criteria. the Office shall establish a database containing a listing of available defense contracts. the Office shall also establish a databank containing a listing of available defense contracts.members of the committee are as follows: Director of the Office, who shall serve as Chairperson of the Committee. Director of the Economic Development Administration. Director of the Office of Economic Adjustment, Department of Defense. one member appointed by the Secretary of Labor. Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency, Department of Defense.for fiscal year 1994, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. operating Expenses. each fiscal year thereafter, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. "
1514,"<pad> summarize: in 1980, Congress established the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. in 2002, the paperwork burden imposed on the public was 7.7 billion hours. the Internal Revenue Service accounted for 83 percent of the paperwork burden.section 3504 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. in carrying out subsection (c)(3), the Director shall conduct a review of the collections of information conducted by the Internal Revenue Service to identify actions that the Internal Revenue Service can take to reduce the information collection burden imposed on small business concerns.the following provisions are repealed. the repeal of the provisions listed in subsection (a) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the repeal of the provisions listed in subsection (a) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the repeal of the provisions listed in subsection (a) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the Truth in Regulating Act of 2000 is amended in the heading for section 4. it is amended by striking ""pilot project for"" in section 5. the amendments will take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 624 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 is amended. the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall require each agency annually to submit an estimate of the total annual costs and benefits of Federal rules and paperwork. Regulatory budgeting The director of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate not less than three agencies to participate in a study on regulatory budgeting for fiscal years 2006 and 2007. "
1515,"<pad> summarize: section 3407 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""3407. Free postage for personal correspondence and certain parcels mailed to Members of the Armed Forces of the United States in general"" if such matter is sent from within an area served by a United States post office, such matter is addressed to an individual referred to in paragraph (2) at an Armed Forces post office established in an overseas area with respect to"
1516,"<pad> summarize: many african farmers in Caribbean Basin countries use antiquated techniques to produce their crops. many of these farmers are losing business to farmers in European and Asian countries who use advanced planting and production techniques. need exists for the training of African farmers and farmers in Caribbean Basin countries and other developing countries in state-of-the-art farming techniques. the term ""eligible farmer"" means an individual owning or working on farm land in the sub-saharan region of the continent of africa. the term ""eligible farmer"" means an individual owning or working on farm land in the sub-saharan region of the continent of Africa. the term ""eligible farmer"" means an individual owning or working on farm land in the sub-saharan region of the continent of"
1517,"<pad> summarize: the term ""foreign person"" means an individual or entity. the term ""foreign person"" means an individual or entity. the term ""united States person"" means a United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. sanctions imposed under subsection (b) may apply with respect to any foreign person imposed based on credible evidence is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights imposed against individuals in any foreign country. sanctions are the following: inadmissibility to u.s., in the case of a foreign person who is an individual ineligibility to receive a visa or other documentation, revocation. the president shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report. a description of the type of sanctions imposed with respect to each such person. a description of the number of foreign persons with respect to which the President imposed sanctions. "
1518,"<pad> summarize: Section 1816(b)(2) of such Act (42 USC. 1395u(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ""agreement"" and inserting ""a contract"" Section 1816(b)(2) of such Act (42 USC. 1395h(c)(1)) is amended by striking ""agreement"" and inserting ""a contract"" a contract may be renewed without regard to any provision of law requiring competition."
1519,"<pad> summarize: this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to create any inference with respect to who is an employee or employer for Federal tax purposes. if you are a federal employee or employer, you may not be able to determine who is an employee or employer.Section 3511 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Section 7705. Certified professional employer organizations"" a certified professional employer organization meets the requirements of this paragraph if such organization fails to file assertion and attestation with respect to any calendar quarter. a certified professional employer organization meets the requirements of this paragraph if such organization has withheld and made deposits of all taxes imposed by subtitle C during the preced"
1520,"<pad> summarize: event data recorder technology has potential safety applications for all types of motor vehicles. a wide range of crash-related and other data elements have been identified which can usefully be captured by event data recorder data. ntsa has incorporated event data recorder data collection in its motor vehicle research databases. the Secretary shall require manufacturers to include such event data recorders in not less than 25 percent of their fleet beginning in model year 2013. the requirements promulgated under this section shall apply to all motor vehicles except trailers. if the manufacturer has no annual production period, the term <unk> model year' means the calendar year for which it is named."
1521,"<pad> summarize: the United States-Israel Free Trade Agreement formed the modern foundation of the bilateral commercial relationship between the two countries. more than $45 billion in goods and services is traded annually between the two countries in addition to roughly $10 billion in United States foreign direct investment in Israel. it has been the policy of the United States Government to combat all elements of the Arab League Boycott of Israel by public statements of administration officials.Congress supports strengthening of u.s.-israel economic cooperation. recognizes the tremendous strategic, economic, and technological value of cooperation with Israel. opposes politically motivated actions that penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel such as boycotts, divestment or sanctions. commercial partnerships with foreign countries are aimed at preventing commercial activity solely between the united states and Israel. to seek the elimination of politically motivated non-tariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. this section takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to negotiations commenced before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act imposes a report on politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel. report required by subsection (a) shall include a description of the establishment of barriers to trade, including non-tariff barriers, investment, or commerce by foreign countries or international organizations against United States persons operating or doing business in Israel, with Israeli entities, or in Israeli-controlled territories. if the issuer has discriminated against doing business with Israel in the last calendar year an issuer shall provide a description of the discrimination. if the issuer has been advised by a foreign government or a non-member state of the United Nations to discriminate against doing business with Israel, entities owned or controlled by the government of Israel or entities operating in Israel or Israeli-controlled territory. no court in the u.s. may recognize or enforce any judgment against a United States person carrying out business operations in Israel or in any territory controlled by Israel. based on a determination by a foreign court that the location of the facilities at which the business operations are carried out is sufficient to constitute a violation of law. ""boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against israel"" means actions by states, non-member states, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-controlled territories. the term ""foreign person"" means any natural person not lawfully admitted for permanent residence."
1522,<pad> summarize: no person may display to the general public any individual's social security number. no person may obtain affirmatively expressed consent electronically or in writing. a civil action may be brought in a united states district court to recover damages.
1523,"<pad> summarize: an estimated 14,600,000 americans suffer from allergies, including allergic asthma. asthma is the most common chronic respiratory disease of children, accounting for 25 percent of school absenteeism. the prevalence of pediatric asthma increased by 72 per cent. in households with an annual income of less than $17,650.information and education is provided in the language and cultural context that is most appropriate for the individuals for whom the information and education is intended. the Secretary may make grants to public and nonprofit private entities for the purpose of carrying out projects to provide for individuals in low-income communities screenings and referrals regarding asthma, allergies, and related respiratory problems in accordance with subsection (a)the campaign provides information on asthma, allergies, and related respiratory problems. funds will be spent from the appropriated sum of $5,000,000. the campaign message should have universal appeal and application to populations with different demographic backgrounds. the campaign message should have universal appeal and application to populations with different demographic backgrounds. subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a taxpayer must be Licensed unless the taxpayer is licensed and certified in the type of service provided. a taxpayer must be licensed and certified in the type of service provided.the secretary of health and human services shall, directly or through grants or contracts, carry out a program to disseminate information about the pest and ventilation initiative under section 45G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. a program to disseminate information about the pest and ventilation initiative under section 45G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. the secretary of health and human services shall provide for the conduct of clinical research under subsection (a). in providing for the conduct of clinical research under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to providing to individuals described in paragraph (2) opportunities to undergo clinical evaluations for purposes of the research. the individuals referred to in this paragraph are individuals who are residents of communities in which the average family income is at or below 200 percent of the official poverty line.the director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute will identify all federal programs that carry out asthma-related activities. he will develop, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and professional and voluntary health organizations, a Federal plan for responding to asthma. not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, submit recommendations to the Congress on ways to strengthen and improve the coordination of asthma-related activities of the Federal Government. cdc director conducts local asthma surveillance activities. health care facility specific surveillance to collect asthma data. compile and annually publish data on the prevalence of children suffering from asthma in each state. the childhood mortality rate associated with asthma in each state. "
1524,"<pad> summarize: Section 1004 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively. the Postal Service and the postmasters' organization shall strive to resolve any differences concerning the proposal described in paragraph (1). the arbitration board shall give the parties a full and fair hearing.the second sentence of section 1004(b) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by striking ""or that a managerial organization represents a substantial percentage of managerial employees,"" inserting ""or that a managerial organization represents a substantial percentage of managerial employees"" section 1004 of title 39, United States Code, as so redesignated by section 2, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a semicolon, and by adding at the end the following: 'postmaster' means an individual who manages, with or without the assistance of subordinate managers or supervisors, the operations of a post office. <unk> postmasters section 1001(e) of title 39, United States Code, is amended in the matter before paragraph (1) by inserting ""agreements under section 1004(g),"" after ""regulations"" section 1003(g) of title 39, United States Code, is amended in the first sentence by inserting ""agreements under section 1004(g) of this title"" the amendments to this Act will take effect after the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect after the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. "
1525,<pad> summarize: there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who makes a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013 a tax determined in accordance with the following table. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly
1526,<pad> summarize:......................... LARGE-SCALE GEOTHERMAL ENERGY aims to improve geothermal heat pumps. the term 'direct use of geothermal energy' means systems that use water that is at a temperature between approximately 38 degrees Celsius and 149 degrees Celsius directly or through a heat exchanger to provide heating to buildings. the term 'geothermal heat pump' means a system that provides heating and cooling by exchanging heat from shallow
1527,<pad> summarize: Section 403 of the bipartisan budget act of 2013 is repealed as of the date of the enactment of such Act. section 403 of the bipartisan budget act of 2013 is repealed as of the date of the enactment.Section 7701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsection (p) as subsection (q) and by inserting after subsection (o) the following new subsection: Certain Corporations Managed and Controlled in the United States Treated as Domestic for Income Tax. in the case of a corporation described in paragraph (2) if the corporation would not otherwise be treated as a domestic corporation for purposes of this title. a corporation is described in this
1528,"<pad> summarize: obstetric fistula occurs when fetus is formed between bladder and vagina. obstetric fistula occurs when fetus cannot get it. obstetric fistula can be surgically treated. obstetric fistula is preventable through medical interventions.obstetric fistula is a social and health issue affecting women and girls. assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a) will focus on increasing prevention through access to sex and reproductive health services. assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall focus on increasing prevention through access. assistance authorized under this Act shall promote the coordination facilitated by the International Obstetric Fistula Working Group. it coordinates between donors, multilateral institutions, the private sector, nongovernmental and civil society organizations, and governments in order to support comprehensive prevention and treatment of obstetric fistula. the president shall transmit to Congress a report on activities undertaken pursuant to this Act during the preceding fiscal year to reduce and increase treatment for obste"
1529,"<pad> summarize: Section 2 is amended by deleting the sixth sentence of subsection (a) the 1997 Statement of Purpose. it is further amended by removing subsection (b) and substituting the following. the Congress finds and declares that rapid change in national and global economies has created new challenges for rural areas throughout the Nation. Section 101(a) (40 USC. App. 101(a)) is amended by adding at the end: ""the Commission shall conduct at least one meeting each year with the Federal Co- Chairman and at least a majority of the State members present"" in subsection (c) by striking ""to be present"" at the end of the fourth sentence. no decision involving Commission policy, approval of State, regional, or subregional development plans or implementing investment programs section 105(b) (40 USC. App. 105(b)) is amended to read as follows: Authorization of Appropriations. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $3,645,000 for fiscal year 1998. such sums may be necessary for each of fiscal years 1999 through 2002.Section 106(2) (40 USC. App. 106(2)) is amended by striking ""the salary of the alternate to the Federal Co-Chairman on the Commission as provided in section 101"". ""the maximum rate for the Senior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code"" Section 106(7) (40 USC. App. 106(7)) is amended by striking ""1982"" and inserting ""2002"". 106(7) is amended by striking ""1982"" and inserting ""2002"". Section 201(g) (40 USC. App. 201(g)) is amended to read as follows: Authorization of Appropriations. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $90,000,000 for fiscal year 1998 and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 1999 through 2002. such sums shall remain available until expended.""the first sentence of section 214(a) (40 USC. App. 214(a)) is amended by striking ""the President is authorized to provide funds to the Federal Co-Chairman to be used"" the second sentence of section 214(c) is amended by inserting ""authorized by title 23, United States Code"" Section 224(a) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end of paragraph (1). section 224(a) is further amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon. no financial assistance made available under this Act may be used to assist establishments relocating from one area to another. 'competitive counties' designated as 'distressed counties. 'attainment counties' designated as 'competitive' or 'competitive counties. 'competitive counties' designated as 'competitive' Section 302(a) is amended by striking ""the President"" and inserting ""the Commission"" in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by striking ""to the Commission"" each place it appears. in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by striking ""to the Commission"" each place it appears.Section 401 is amended to read as follows: ""section 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS"" the appropriations authorized by section 105 for administrative expenses and section 201(g) for the Appalachian development highway system and local access roads. such sums shall remain available until expended""Section 405 is amended by striking ""1982"" and inserting ""2002"" section 405 is amended by striking ""1982"" and inserting ""2002"". if applicable, if applicable, if applicable, if applicable.this Act and the amendments made by this Act will take effect October 1, 1997. the amendments will take effect july 1, 1997. the amendments will take effect january 1, 1997. the amendments will take effect january 1, 1997. "
1530,"<pad> summarize: net price calculator for an institution of higher education meets the requirements of paragraph (4). a net price calculator for an institution of higher education must, at a minimum, meet the requirements of paragraph (4). a net price calculator for an institution of higher education must meet a minimum of 1 year after the date of enactment. a universal net price calculator is housed within the department of education. the Secretary may develop a universal net price calculator based on or using an existing platform developed by a public or private entity. if he develops a universal net price calculator under clause (i), he will submit the final universal net price calculator. "
1531,"<pad> summarize: the Coastal and Estuarine Land Conservation Program is amended by inserting after section 307 the following new section. a grant granted under this section may be used to purchase land or an interest in land, including an easement, only from a willing seller. a grant granted under this section may be used to purchase land or an interest in land, including an easement. if the grant recipient elects to purchase land or an interest in a"
1532,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: u.s. leadership in science and technology has been vital to nation's prosperity. kohn: u.s. investment in science and technology has yielded a scientific and engineering enterprise without peer. kohn: u.s. investment in science and technology is critical to maintaining united states leadership. kohn: u.s. needs to be able to make a difference in the the high-Performance Computing Act of 1991 authorizes research programs related to high-end computing and computation. the high-Performance Computing Act of 1991 aims to create a network infrastructure that can support greater speed, robustness, and flexibility than is currently available.Section 101(a)(2) of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 is amended. ""provide for high performance testbed networks to enable the research, development, and demonstration of advanced networking technologies,"" section 101(b) of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991.Title I of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the objectives of the Next Generation Internet program shall be to support research, development, and demonstration of advanced networking technologies to increase the capabilities and improve the performance of the Internet. the president's Information Technology Advisory Committee shall assess the extent to which the Next Generation Internet program carries out the purposes of this Act.the study will assess and, as appropriate, make recommendations for policy, practice, or legislative changes relating to the short-term and long-term effects on trademark rights of adding new generic top-level domains. the study shall assess and make recommendations for policy, practice, or legislative changes relating to the short-term and long-term effects on the protection of trademark rights and consumer interests of increasing or decreasing the number of generic top-level domains. the study will ""geographic penalty"" means the imposition of costs on users of the Internet in rural or other locations. the term ""Internet"" means the international computer network of both federal and non-federal interoperable packet switched data networks."
1533,"<pad> summarize: more than 500 men and women call the national domestic violence hotline every day. national domestic violence hotline is available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. the hotline provides crisis intervention and immediately connects callers with sources of help in their local community.the Attorney General will award a grant to the National Domestic Violence Hotline. the grant will be used to provide technology and telecommunication training and assistance for advocates, volunteers, staff, and others affiliated with the Hotline. the grant will be used to provide technology and telecommunication training and assistance.grant to a university or other research institution whose grant under this section may reasonably require a study. a university or other research institution may submit an application to the Attorney General. a study of the national domestic violence hotline will compile statistical and substantive information about calls received since its inception. the Attorney General will award a grant to an experienced organization to conduct a public awareness campaign to increase the public's understanding of domestic violence issues and awareness of the National Domestic Violence Hotline. each organization desiring to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Attorney General, at such time, in such manner accompanied by such additional information. there are authorized to be appropriated, for each of the fiscal years 2005 and 2006 $500,000 to carry out section 3, (2) $250,000 to carry out section 4 and $800,000 to carry out section 5. no condition on Appropriations. any amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) shall remain available until expended."
1534,"<pad> summarize: if the Commission adopts or amends a proposed regulation, it shall assess the costs and benefits. the Commission shall assess the costs, benefits, and intended and unintended consequences of the regulation. if a regulation is approved, the Commission shall issue a notice and comment.SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO OTHER REGULATORY ENTITIES. it is the sense of the Congress that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board should also follow the requirements of section 23(e) of such Act. a rule adopted by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board or any national securities association under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall not take effect unless the Securities and Exchange Commission determines that, in adopting such rule, the Board or association has complied with the requirements of section 23(e) of such Act, as added by section 2."
1535,"<pad> summarize:......................... federal requirement: a percentage obtained in a calendar year shall not be less than the amount specified in the following table. if an electric utility fails to comply with subsection (a) subsection (a), it must issue tradeable renewable energy credits to generators of electric energy from existing renewable energy. the secretary may mitigate or waive a civil penalty under this subsection."
1536,"<pad> summarize:.........................the Office of Selective Service Records shall not be reestablished upon the repeal of such Act. Title 5 is amended as follows. by striking out section 3328. by striking out ""who"" and all that follows through subparagraph (E) and inserting in lieu thereof ""who has been provisionally accepted for that duty"""
1537,"<pad> summarize: the quality of United States letters patent is inextricably linked to the professionalism of patent examiners. the quality of United States letters patent is inextricably linked to the professionalism of patent examiners and the quality of the training of patent examiners.Section 3 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by adding at end thereof. all examination and search duties for the grant of United States letters patent are sovereign functions which shall be performed within the United States by United States citizens who are employees of the United States Government.Section 9 of title 35, United States Code, is amended by striking ""may revise and maintain"" and inserting ""shall maintain and revise"" ""United States letters patent, and all such other patents and printed publications shall be maintained in the examiners' search files""chapter 1 of title 35 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. in general. chapter 1 of title 35, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section. in general. chapter 1 of title 35, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section. all patent examiners must spend at least 5 percent of duty time per annum in training. trainers of examiners will retain as employees patent examiners of primary examiner grade or higher eligible for retirement. patent examiners will be trained to maintain and develop legal and technological skills useful for patent examination. Section 3(a) of title 35, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: ""the Office shall not be subject to any administratively or statutorily imposed limitation on positions or personnel"" Section 255(g)(1)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended by striking "", to the extent provided in appropriation Acts,"" and inserting ""without appropriation"" Section 5 this Act shall take effect 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act shall take effect 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. it will take effect 30 days after the enactment of this Act. "
1538,<pad> summarize: a proprietary institution of higher education is ineligible to participate in or receive funds under this title. a proprietary institution of higher education is ineligible to participate in or receive funds under this title. a proprietary institution of higher education is ineligible to participate in or receive funds under this title. veterans ACTIONs on ineligibility of certain proprietary institutions of higher education. veterans cited in section 487(d)(2)(A) of Higher Education Act of 1965. veterans cited in section 487(d)(2)(A) of Higher Education Act of 1965.
1539,"<pad> summarize: the term ""categorical exclusion"" means an exclusion from the requirement to prepare an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement. the term ""forest management activity"" means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary on national forest system land. categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary to conduct a forest management activity the purpose of which is the improvement of wildlife habitat. a categorical exclusion is available to the Secretary to conduct a forest management activity the purpose of which is the improvement of wildlife habitat. a temporary road is not longer than 1 mile to carry out that commercial thinning. the alternative of no action. Environmental Assessments. in an environmental assessment prepared pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Secretary shall not be required to study, develop, and describe the alternative of no action. Section 8206(a)(3)(B)(i) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 is repealed. Section 331 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 is repealed. section 604 of STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING PROJECTs is amended in subsection (c) by adding at the end: Retention of existing wood products infrastructure. in subsection (d)(1) by inserting "", or lowest-cost- technically-acceptable,"" after ""best-value"" and in subsection (e)(2)(A), by inserting.section 106 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 is amended by redesignating subsections (a) through (c) as subsections (b) through (d), respectively. in subsection (b), the term <unk> covered project' means with respect to a project on land of the National Forest System described in section 3(1)(A), any vegetation management project carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture, except on land on which vegetation management is prohibited by law."
1540,"<pad> summarize: Section 101 of the Act relating to the power of the states to impose net income taxes on income derived from interstate commerce. section 101 of the Act is amended by striking ""either, or both,"" and inserting ""any one or more"" in subsection (a)(1), by striking ""by such person"" and all that follows and inserting customers by such person, or his representative, in such State for sales or transactions.no taxing authority of a State shall have power to impose, assess, or collect a net income tax or other business activity tax on any person relating to such person's activities in interstate commerce unless such person has a physical presence in the State during the taxable year with respect to which the tax is imposed. the term ""physical presence"" shall not include presence in a State for less than 15 days in a taxable year. a portion of such combined or consolidated net income or other economic results may be subject to tax by the State. the denominator or denominator of that formula shall include the aggregate factors of all persons whose net income or other economic results are included in such combined or consolidated net income or other economic results. the numerator or numerators shall include the factors attributable to the state of only those persons that are themselves subject to taxation the term ""net income tax"" has the meaning given by section 1 of title 1 of the United States Code. ""other business activity tax"" does not include a sales tax, a use tax, or a similar transaction tax imposed on the privilege of doing business. "
1541,"<pad> summarize: dtv. gov or www.fcc.gov. gov. any distributor of any television receiving equipment described in section 303(s) that does not include a digital tuner shall effective 180 days after enactment of the Digital Television Consumer Education Act. dtv. gov. gov. llame mas informacion, llame a la Comision Federal de Comunicaciones al 1-"
1542,"<pad> summarize: nearly 100,000,000 Americans suffer from a brain or nervous system disease, injury, or disorder. the national economic burden of such brain-related illnesses has reached over $1,000,000,000,000 a year. a global race is underway to determine the country that will lead the neurotechnology economy. ""neurotechnology"" means the science and technology that allows an individual to analyze, understand, treat, and heal the brain and nervous system. the term ""qualified staff"" means a Food and Drug Administration employee who has academic training or significant experience in neurotechnology or related fields. ""related fields"" means neuroscience, neuromedicine, cognitive science, behavioral psychology, neuropharmacology, neuropharmacology, neuropsychiatry, neuroimaging, neuroregeneration the Secretary shall implement a National Neurotechnology Initiative. he shall establish goals, priorities, and metrics for evaluation. increase the investment in Federal research, development, and translational programs in neurotechnology as appropriate, to achieve the goals described in paragraph (1).Advisory Council. in general. the Secretary shall establish or designate an existing entity as, a National Neurotechnology Advisory Council. Advisory Council shall consist primarily of members from academic institutions, not-for-profit organizations, and industry. Advisory Council shall provide advice and information on neurotechnology research, development, demonstrations, education, technology transfer, commercial application, delivery, access, or ethical, legal, and social issues related to neurotechnology. Advisory Blueprint for neuroscience research is based in the national institutes of health. it will identify pervasive challenges in neuroscience and any technological barriers to solving such challenges. it will support the development of new tools, training opportunities, and other resources to assist neuroscientists in basic and clinical research.the commissioner of Food and Drugs shall direct the director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, the Director of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, and the Director of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health to improve the timeliness of the review process for neurology and psychiatry by increasing, through recruitment and training, the number of qualified staff within such Centers. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsection (b) $4 the director of the National Neurotechnology Coordination Office shall provide for the establishment of an American Neurotechnology Study Center that shall establish a research program to identify ethical, legal, and social issues related to neurotechnology and related fields. he shall conduct, coordinate, collect, and disseminate studies on such issues."
1543,"<pad> summarize: federal regulations limit cabin crew duty time and stipulate mandatory rest periods. cabin crew are in-flight first responders trained to handle medical emergencies, fires, and security threats. a wide disparity exists from air carrier to air carrier. the federal Aviation Administration certifies other groups with safety responsibilities under its jurisdiction.cabin crew certificate must be numbered and recorded by the Administrator of the federal aviation administration. the certificate holder must complete all initial, indoctrination, emergency, transition, differences, requalification training requirements. a cabin crew member must successfully complete the training requirements established by the Administrator. a cabin crew member must complete the approved proficiency check for not less than 5 hours."
1544,<pad> summarize: a new section is amended by adding at the end the following new item. a tax receipt must be sent to each taxpayer who made a return with respect to income taxes under chapter 1 for the preceding taxable year and for whom a current mailing address can be determined through such methods as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. a tax receipt must be issued to each taxpayer for the preceding taxable year. a tax receipt must be redeemed
1545,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE. the purpose of this Act is to provide for a site to be used for the construction and operation of a national health museum. a site to be used for the construction and operation of a national health museum.the term ""Administrator"" means the Administrator of general services. the term ""CERCLA"" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980. the term ""museum"" means the National Health Museum, Inc a district of Columbia nonprofit corporation exempt from taxation.if a portion of the property reverts to the United States. reversion is deemed a violation of the reversionary rights imposed by the u.s. authorities. reversion is deemed a violation of this section. OFFICE LEASE. Negotiation and Execution. Terms and conditions. unless otherwise complied with the notice requirement set forth in section 4(a)(2), the Administrator and the Museum shall execute the lease not later than the date of the conveyance of the southern portion of the property. if the Administrator otherwise complies with the notice requirement set forth in section 4(c), proceeds toward rent shall not be considered in determining that the rent charged agreement entered into under section 4(a)(2) will provide that the Museum will conduct any environmental remediation activity with respect to the property, and bear the costs of any such activity, except as otherwise provided by section 4(d) and subsection (b) of this section. any costs of environmental remediation activities referred to in subsection (a) shall be credited to the purchase price for the property up to an amount not greater than the purchase price for the property. relocation of existing tenants and mitigating impacts resulting directly from development by the museum. the costs of relocating existing tenants will be paid by the Museum up to an amount to be agreed upon by the Administrator and Museum in the agreement entered into under section 4(a)(2). the Administrator shall reasonably cooperate with the Museum with respect to any zoning or other land use matter relating to development of the property in accordance with this Act. a consent provided under this subsection shall be premised on the property being developed and operated in accordance with this Act. a consent provided under this subsection shall be premised on the property being developed and operated in accordance with this Act.not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. annually thereafter until the end of the 5-year period following conveyance of the property or until substantial completion of the museum facility. the Museum shall submit annual reports detailing the development and construction activities."
1546,"<pad> summarize: gold medal awarded to the 100th Infantry Battalion and the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, United States Army. the gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research.the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze medal struck under section 2 at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals. a price sufficient to cover labor, materials, dies, use of machinery and overhead expenses.medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals were struck pursuant to this Act for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31. the medals were issued in the united states by the united states. there is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under section 3 shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
1547,"<pad> summarize: peace Corps volunteers include trainees and staff members. in this Act, volunteers includes trainees. disciplinary action, including termination. ineligibility for re-employment with the Peace Corps. in general. the director of the Peace Corps shall establish and maintain policies and procedures that clearly establish a process for volunteers to make confidential reports of rape or sexual assault. inspector general review. review. the inspector general of the Peace Corps shall review the memorandum of understanding described in subsection (a) if the Director enters into such memorandum without implementing a recommendation of the Inspector General, the Director shall submit to the Inspector General a written explanation relating thereto. failure to meet deadline. Requirement to submit report. restrictions specified in section 7(a)(2)(A) of the Peace Corps Act. section 7(a)(2)(B) of such Act on reappointment or reassignment of an individual whose appointment or assignment under section 7(a)(2) of such Act has been terminated. section 7(a)(5) of such Act on the circumstances under which an appointment or assignment under section 7(a)(2) of such Act may exceed five years shall not inspector general audit of peace Corps implementation of safety and security protocols. inspector general performs an audit. inspector general audit of peace Corps implementation of safety and security protocols. inspector general audits will be performed by inspector general. inspector general audits will also be performed. the director of the peace Corps shall perform a review every three years. such portfolio reviews shall at a minimum include the following with respect to each such country. an evaluation of the country's commitment to the Peace Corps program. an analysis of the country's need for assistance."
1548,"<pad> summarize: lands are located within the community's traditional homelands. the community filed a lawsuit against certain landowners to ascertain ownership of lands that were once owned and held in trust by the State of Michigan for the Community but which were sold by the State without the consent of the Tribes.alternative lands include 21.55 acres, more or less, located in Vanderbilt, Michigan. alternative lands are located in Vanderbilt, Michigan. lands chosen and acquired by the Sault Tribe for transfer to the united states. Upon relinquishment by the Community of any and all claims to the Charlotte Beach Lands and dismissal with prejudice of Bay Mills Indian Community v. Western Life Assurance Company et al. the Secretary shall take the Alternative Lands described in section 3(1)(A) into trust for the benefit of the Sault Tribe as settlement of the Sault Tribe's claims to the Charlotte Beach Lands. any transfer, before the date of the enactment of this Act, of land or natural resources located within the Charlotte Beach Lands shall be deemed to have been made in accordance with the Constitution and all laws of the United States. any aboriginal title held by any Indian, Indian nation, or tribe or band of Indians or any member thereof shall be regarded as extinguished as of the date of such transfer. if any claim by or on"
1549,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of the Interior may not implement or enforce restrictions on recreational fishing, charter fishing, or commercial fishing if the restrictions are developed in formal coordination and consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission of the state of Florida. the rule of construction applies to lands, waters, or interests donated by the State of Florida after June 28, 1980, to the administrative jurisdiction of the National Park Service for the purpose of the Biscayne National Park. 'shark feeding' means the introduction of food or any other substance into the water to feed or attract sharks for any purpose other than to harvest sharks.'shark feeding' means the introduction of food or any other substance into the water to feed or attract sharks for any purpose other than to harvest sharks.'shark feeding' means the introduction of food or any other substance into the water to feed or attract sharks. Section 4(c)(1) of the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 is amended by inserting ""and retained"" after ""landed"" Deadline for Issuance of Final Regulations. the secretary of commerce shall issue a final rule not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act."
1550,"<pad> summarize: Section 1861(v)(1)(L) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395x(v)(1)(L) is amended in clause (v)(I) by inserting "", clause (ix)"" after ""subject to clause (viii)(I)"" in clause (viii)(I), by redesignating clause (ix) as clause (xii) each of the amounts specified in subclauses are such Section 1861(v)(1)(L)(i) of the Social Security Act is amended in subclause (IV), by striking ""or"" (2) in subclause (V) by inserting ""and before October 1, 1999,"" after ""October 1, 1998"" Section 4603 of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 is amended by section 5101(c)(3) of the Tax and Trade Relief Extension Act of 1998. a striking subsection (e) has been struck. a reversal of reversal of reversal of reversal. the Secretary shall prepare a notice of the rights of individuals entitled to benefits under the medicare program to appeal a coverage determination with respect to items and services furnished to such individual under the medicare program. information for Physicians will be provided by the home health agency upon discharge by the agency of such an individual. the Comptroller General of the u.s. shall conduct a study on the relationship between the costs to the medicare program for home health services furnished by home health agencies under the medicare program and the costs to state and federal government programs. the Comptroller General shall also determine whether providing home health services as a benefit under the medicare program has resulted in lower costs overall to the federal government. "
1551,"<pad> summarize: Section 2 of the Horse Protection Act is amended in paragraph (3). by striking ""appointed"" and inserting ""licensed"", the Secretary shall disqualify the horse. a person licensed under this section shall issue a citation for each violation. a person who knowingly fails to obey an order of disqualification shall be fined."
1552,"<pad> summarize: section 472(a)(2) of the social security act is amended by striking ""or (B)"" and inserting ""(B)"" an Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary such information as the Indian tribe considers relevant to the calculation of the per capita income of the Indian tribe based on the service population of the Indian tribe as defined in section 471(a)(10). if an Indian tribe is not operating a program under section 471(a"
1553,"<pad> summarize: the black rock desert and high rock canyon areas are unique segments of the Northern Great Basin. they contain broad representation of the Great Basin's land forms and plant and animal species, including golden eagles and other birds of prey, sage grouse, pronghorn antelope, bighorn sheep, free roaming horses and burros, threatened fish and sensitive plants. ""public lands"" has the meaning stated in section 103(e) of the federal land policy and management Act of 1976. the term ""conservation area"" means the Black Rock Desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails National Conservation Area established pursuant to section 4 of this Act. black rock desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trail National Conservation Area is established in the state of Nevada. the conservation area shall consist of approximately 797,100 acres of public lands as generally depicted on the map dated July 19, 2000. a map and legal description shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act. the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, shall manage the conservation area in a manner that conserves, protects and enhances its resources and values, including those specified in subsection 4(a) the Secretary shall maintain adequate access for the reasonable use and enjoyment of the conservation area. private land. The Secretary shall provide reasonable access to privately owned land or interests in land within the boundaries of the conservation area. use of motorized vehicles in the conservation area shall be permitted all federal lands within the conservation area and all lands and interests therein which are hereafter acquired by the united states are hereby withdrawn from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws. all federal lands within the conservation area and all lands and interests therein which are hereafter acquired by the united states are hereafter acquired by the united states. the congress does not intend for the establishment of the conservation area to lead to the creation of protective perimeters or buffer zones around the conservation area. there may be activities or uses on lands that would not be permitted in the conservation area. certain lands in the state of Nevada comprised of approximately 315,700 acres. certain lands comprised of approximately 57,400 acres. certain lands comprised of approximately 57,400 acres. certain lands comprised of approximately 59,300 acres.AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS hereby authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. passed the Senate October 5, 2000. attest: 'i'm not able to do anything wrong' "
1554,"<pad> summarize: if the President transmits a declaration under subsection (a), he may issue temporary income tax reductions. if the President transmits a declaration under subsection (a) Temporary tax reductions are required for a specified calendar year to provide a quick and necessary fiscal stimulus to the economy. any reduction or increase in receipts resulting from section 2 of this Act shall not be considered for any purpose under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. a reduction or increase in receipts resulting from section 2 of this Act shall not be considered for any purpose."
1555,"<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS is a federal agency that provides assistance to communities coping with the impact of these programs. the federal government must provide assistance to communities to implement the various initiatives of the department of defense. if the federal government implements base closures and realignments, it is necessary to grow the force initiatives. if the federal government implements base closures and realignments, it is necessary to help local communities. Section 2869(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ""shall apply only during the period"" and all that follows through ""September 30, 2008"" and ""without limitation on duration"". ""shall apply only during the period"" and all that follows through ""September 30, 2008""section 2465 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2465. the Secretary concerned may enter into a contract under subsection (a) using procedures other than competitive procedures if the term does not exceed 5 years. a period of 14 days elapses from the date the notification is received.Section 2701(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended. it is inserted before the period at the end. it is deemed necessary to exercise enforcement authority. if the Secretary does not condition funding based on the manner in which a State exercises enforcement authority.Section 330(a)(1) of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 1993 is amended. it is striking ""cost or other fee"" and all that follows through ""contaminant"". it is also inserting ""cost, statutory or regulatory requirement or order"" provisions of section 2905 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 are hereby revived. enactment of this Act is governed by section 3006 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002. the secretary of defense shall prescribe regulations to implement the provisions of section 2905 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 revived by subsection (a) "
1556,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission on intercollegiate athletics. there is established a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission on intercollegiate athletics. ESTABLISHMENT. the Commission shall review and analyze the following issues related to intercollegiate athletics. based on the review and analysis of the issues identified in subsection (a) based on the review and analysis of the issues identified in subsection (a). five members appointed by the president, including one member of the House of Representatives. two individuals who are not Members of Congress. three members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate, including one member of the Senate. vacancies on the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission.appoint and fix compensation of a staff director and such other personnel. no rate of pay fixed under this paragraph may exceed that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. first such meeting shall occur not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act is enacted in 1998. enactment of this Act is enacted in 1998.if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent of the Commission may take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. access to information is restricted to any department or agency of the united states. the Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the United States. not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of the first meeting of the Commission. a written report of its findings and recommendations will be submitted to the President and the Congress. the report will be based on the review and analysis required by section 3.TERMINATION - 30 days after submission of report required by section 8. TERMINATION - the Commission shall terminate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report. TERMINATION.in this Act, the term ""institution of higher education"" means any institution that meets the definition in section 102(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. student athletes who are eligible for federal student loans are eligible for federal student loans. "
1557,"<pad> summarize: a national committee of a political party may not solicit, receive, or direct a contribution, donation, or transfer of funds unless the funds are subject to the limitations, prohibitions, and reporting requirements of this Act. the term 'Federal election activity' does not include an amount expended or disbursed by an individual described in paragraph (1).Section 316(b)(2) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 is amended. it is striking ""(B) nonpartisan registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns"" and all that follows through ""and (C)"" Title III of the federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. ""ban on use of nonfederal funds for get-out-the-vote activities by certain organizations"" any amount expended or disbursed for get-out-the-vote activities by any organization described in subsection shall be made from amounts subject to the limitations, prohibitions, and reporting requirements of this Act. an organization described in this subsection Title III of the federal election campaign act of 1971 is amended by section 4. no person may expend or disburse any funds for partisan voter registration activities. no person may expend or disburse any funds for partisan voter registration activities.amendments to this Act apply to elections occurring after December 2006. elections occurring after December 2006. the amendments will apply with respect to elections occurring after December 2006. the amendments will apply with respect to elections occurring after December 2006. "
1558,"<pad> summarize: the current nuclear arsenal includes approximately 4,000 total nuclear warheads. the current nuclear arsenal includes approximately 1,750 total nuclear warheads. the united states will spend approximately $400,000,000 to maintain and recapitalize its nuclear force.no funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter may be obligated or expended for procuring more than eight Columbia-class submarines. no funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended. Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy submit to appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out section 3. not later than March 1, 2018, and annually thereafter, the President shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out section 3 including any updates to previously submitted reports. annual Nuclear Weapons Accounting. Not later than September 30, 2017, and annually thereafter, the President shall transmit to the"
1559,"<pad> summarize: the Bretton Woods Agreements Act is amended by adding at the end 73. a resolution to the Bretton Woods Agreements Act is amended. a resolution would be imposed by the united states if the funds approve financing. Section 17 of the Bretton Woods Agreements Act is amended by striking subsections (a), (b), (d), and (f) and in subsection (c) by striking ""(c), there"" and insert ""there""OPPOSITION OF THE UNITED STATES TO INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND LOAN to a COUNTRY. Section 68(a) of the Bretton Woods Agreements Act (22 USC. 286tt(a)) is amended in paragraph (2).the Bretton Woods Agreements Act is amended by section 2 of this Act. it is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 74. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION WITH RESPECT TO EXCEPTIONAL ACCESS LENDING"" the proposed alteration would permit a country that is ineligible, before the proposed alteration, to receive exceptional access lending unless 30 days before consideration by the Board of Executive Directors MONITORING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted as requiring the opposition of the United States to the provision of monitoring, technical assistance, or advisory services by the International Monetary Fund."
1560,"<pad> summarize: internet gambling is primarily funded through personal use of bank instruments, including credit cards and wire transfers. national Gambling Impact Study Commission recommended the passage of legislation to prohibit wire transfers to Internet gambling sites or the banks which represent them. internet gambling is a major cause of debt collection problems for insured depository institutions and the consumer credit industry.the term ""bets or wagers"" means staking or risking by a person of value. the term ""gambling business"" means to place, receive, or otherwise make a bet or wager by any means which involves the use, at least in part, of the Internet. the term ""electronic fund transfer"" has the meaning in section 903 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act. the district court may enter an injunction in deliberations between the United States and any other country on money laundering, corruption, and crime issues, the government should encourage cooperation by foreign governments and relevant international fora in identifying whether Internet gambling operations are being used for money laundering, corruption, or other crimes. section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Depository Institution Involvement in Internet Gambling. if any appropriate Federal banking agency determines that any insured depository institution is engaged in any of the following activities, the agency may issue an order prohibiting such institution from continuing to engage in any of the following activities. if any appropriate Federal banking agency determines that any insured depository institution is engaged in any of"
1561,"<pad> summarize: more than 35,500,000 people live in households that face a constant struggle against hunger. more than 35,500,000 people live in households that face a constant struggle against hunger. government spends more than $55,000,000,000 a year responding to the concurrent epidemics of hunger and undernutrition.the white house Conference on food and nutrition will be convened not later than December 31, 2010. the conference will be held in a meeting with the surgeon general. the conference will address the issues of hunger, food insecurity and inadequate nutrition.a policy committee comprising of 17 members to be selected as follows: Presidential appointees. nine members shall be selected by the President and shall include 3 members who are officers or employees of the united states, including the Surgeon General. 6 members with experience in addressing the needs of food-insecure and undernourished people in the united states. two members shall be selected by the majority leader of the Senate. delegates will be able to meet without regard to political affiliation or past partisan activity. representatives of federal, state, and local governments will also be present. delegates will also be able to work in the field of food, health, nutrition, and economic security.the Cochairs shall provide written notice to all members of the Policy Committee of each meeting, hearing, or working session of such Committee not later than 48 hours before the occurrence of such meeting, hearing, or working session. the Cochairs shall ensure that the proposed agenda prepared under subsection (a)(3) is published in the Federal Register not later than 30 days after such agenda is approved by the Policy Committee. the Cochairs may accept, on behalf of the United States policy committee prepares a preliminary report on the Conference. it shall be published in the Federal Register and submitted to the chief executive officers of the States. the policy committee will request that the chief executive officers of the States submit to the Policy Committee, not later than 45 days after receiving such report. not later than 6 months after the date on which the Conference adjourns, the Policy Committee shall prepare a final report of the Conference. not later than 2 years after the date on which the Conference adjourns, the Surgeon General shall prepare a status report documenting the implementation of the recommendations contained in the final report described in section 7(b)(1). and every 5 years thereafter until all recommendations in the final report described in section 7(b)(1) are achieved.the term ""State"" means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands of the United States, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.if the Conference is not convened before December 31, 2010, a trust fund shall be established and such funds shall only be available for a future Conference on food and nutrition. the appropriations Acts may apply to any new spending authority or new authority to enter into contracts under this Act. if the Conference is not convened before December 31, 2010, a trust fund shall be established. "
1562,"<pad> summarize: tens of thousands have been exposed to beryllium, ionizing radiation. john mccain: a special Exposure Cohort is being delayed for claimants. mccain: a special Exposure Cohort is aimed at reducing the risk of radiation exposure.Section 3621 of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the employee was so employed for a number of work days aggregating at least 250 work days during the period 1945 through 2000 at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico."
1563,"<pad> summarize: minted under this title shall be legal tender, as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. minted under this title shall be the first commemorative coins of the united states to be issued under this title. minted under this title shall be the first commemorative coins of the united states to be minted under this title. minted under this title shall be minted only during the period beginning on January 1, 2004, and ending"
1564,"<pad> summarize: if a credit is allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under this section if a credit is allowed under this section. if a credit is allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under this section if a credit is allowed under this section. if a taxpayer disposes a principal residence within 24 months after the date on which the taxpayer purchased such the applicable percentage of unobligated balances are rescinded. for purposes of this section, the term ""applicable percentage"" means the percentage that the Secretary of the Treasury estimates will result in an increase in revenue to the Treasury equal to the decrease in revenue."
1565,"<pad> summarize: a joint resolution is described in this paragraph if it is a joint resolution of the 2 Houses of Congress. the matter after the resolving clause of such joint resolution is as follows. the requirement of this subsection are met if the joint resolution is enacted in accordance with this subsection. the term ""adverse finding"" means in a panel or Appellate Body proceeding initiated against the United States. the term ""affirmative report"" means a report described in section 4(b)(2) which contains affirmative determinations made by the Commission under paragraph (3) of section 4(a). the term ""Dispute settlement body"" means the Dispute Settlement Body established pursuant to Article 17.1 of the Dispute Settlement Understanding. the term """
1566,"<pad> summarize: Section 459B of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in subsection (a)(3), by striking ""section"" and inserting ""subsection (a)"" each place the term appears. a borrower who has 1 or more loans in a category described in subparagraph (B) may consolidate all of the loans of the borrower that are described in subparagraph (b) that are loans held by an eligible lender, as such term is defined Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to this Act. Sections 482(c) and 492 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 shall not apply. any regulations promulgated under such amendments."
1567,"<pad> summarize: Section 202(c)(6)(A)(i) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended. the term 'domestic industry' means, with respect to an article the producers as a whole of the like or directly competitive article or those producers whose collective production constitutes a major proportion of the total domestic production of such article. the term <unk> significant portion of the domestic industry in the United States' means an important, recognizable part of the Section 202(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Trade Act (19 USC. 2252(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. a petition filed under subsection (a) alleges injury from imports of a perishable agricultural product, citrus product, or potato product that has been subject to monitoring by the Commission under subparagraph for not less than 90 days"
1568,"<pad> summarize: chapter 3 of title 11, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following. the trustee shall mail, by certified mail, a written request to each appropriate Federal or State agency to request permission from that agency to deposit the patient records referred to in paragraph by the date that is 60 days after the date of that notification. the trustee shall destroy those records by if the records are written, shredding or burning the records.Section 503(b) of title 11, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (5), by striking ""and"" at the end. in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting "", and"" and adding at the end: the actual, necessary costs and expenses incurred in disposing of patient records in accordance with section 351.ombudsman appointed under subsection (a) shall monitor the quality of patient care. an ombudsman appointed under subsection (a) shall monitor the quality of patient care. if the ombudsman determines that the quality of patient care is declining significantly or is otherwise being materially compromised, notify the court immediately upon making that determination. ombudsman is appointed under subsection (a) of title 11, United States Section 704(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8), by striking ""and"" at the end. use all reasonable and best efforts to transfer patients from a health care business that is in the process of being closed to an appropriate health care business that is in the vicinity of the health care business that is closing."
1569,"<pad> summarize: Section 354 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended by striking ""each"" the director shall establish and carry out a grant program to provide financing to angel groups. the director shall provide funding to angel groups that invest in small business concerns."
1570,"<pad> summarize: property transferred pursuant to section 1 shall become, and be administered as, part of Biscayne National Park. as soon as practicable after such property is transferred to the Secretary, the Secretary shall adjust the boundaries of the Park to include such property."
1571,"<pad> summarize: in this Act, the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the Secretary is authorized to establish, charge, and collect fees based on a market analysis. he may modify the National Park Passport, established pursuant to Public Law 105-391. the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish a special account in the Treasury for the Agency. the amounts deposited in the special account established by subsection (a) shall be distributed as follows. not less than 80 percent of amounts collected pursuant to the Act at a specific area, site, or project shall remain available for use at the specific area, site, or project at which the fees were collected. fee programs may be used to administer recreation fee programs. the Secretary may use not more than fifteen percent of revenues derived under this Act to administer the recreation fee program. amounts available under section 3 of this Act for expenditure at a specific area, site, or project shall be accounted for separately. report will contain an evaluation of the Recreation Fee Program conducted at each unit of the National Park System. report will contain a description of projects that were funded, work accomplished, and a description of future projects and programs identified for funding with monies expected to be generated under the authorities granted by this Act.Secretary may promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary to implement this Act. he may promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary to implement this Act. he may also promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary. "
1572,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered hospital"" means, with respect to a hospital, an individual who is a doctor of medicine or osteopathy legally authorized under state law to practice medicine and surgery in that hospital. a physician is considered to be ""available"" in a hospital if the physician is physically present in the hospital if the physician is not physically present in the hospital. if the Secretary determines that the hospital knowingly violates subsection (a), the hospital is"
1573,"<pad> summarize: the united states provides education and training for approximately 38,000 foreign military personnel every year. senate of congress finds that the united states provides education and training. senate of congress finds that the united states shares a responsibility.Section 656(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 USC. 2416(c)) is amended by striking ""The report"" and inserting the following: In general. Subject to paragraph (2), the report"" section 660 of the foreign assistance Act of 1961 is amended by adding at the end the following: (1) Not later than January 31 of each year, the Secretary of State shall prepare and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on all police training, advice, or financial support described in subsection (a) provided during the previous fiscal year. for each country, the aggregate number of personnel trained and the aggregate cost of the police training activities.RECORDS RELATING TO FOREIGN MILITARY AND POLICE TRAINING. records compiled by the secretary of defense, the secretary of state, and the head of each other appropriate department or agency. each record shall include the type of instruction received, the dates of the instruction, whether such instruction was completed successfully. task force to conduct an assessment of the kind of education and training appropriate to military personnel of foreign countries. task force shall be composed of eight members of congress, of whom two each shall be designated by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the Senate, and the minority leader of the Senate. report includes a critical assessment of courses, curriculum, and procedures appropriate for such education and training."
1574,"<pad> summarize: HURRICANE ISAAC DISASTER AREA means any parish or county of Louisiana or Mississippi impacted by a major disaster. the term ""Hurricane Isaac disaster area"" means any parish or county of Louisiana or Mississippi.paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 165(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to losses described in section 165(c)(3) of such Code which arise during the 2-year period beginning on august 26, 2012. section 172(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 applies if a portion of any net operating loss of the taxpayer for any taxable year is a Hurricane Isaac loss. the term ""qualified hurricane Isaac casualty loss"" means any uncompensated section 1231 loss if such loss is allowed as a deduction under section 165 of such Code. a qualified hurricane Isaac distribution shall be treated as a qualified hurricane distribution for purposes of section 1400Q(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. the term ""qualified Hurricane Isaac distribution"" means any distribution from an eligible retirement plan made on or after August 26, 2012, and before September 11, 2014.rescinded amount in discretionary unexpired funds determined by the director of the office of management and budget. rescinded amount equals reduction in federal revenues by reason of enactment of this Act. "
1575,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 3001 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as subsections and (m), respectively. the notice referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: 'This is a game of chance. no purchase is required either to win a prize or enhance your chances of winning a prize,' or a notice to the same effect in words which the Postal Service may prescribe."
1576,"<pad> summarize: the chief judge of a district court that has been affected may exercise emergency authority in accordance with this section. the authority conferred by this section does not include any statute of limitation for a criminal action. if the chief judge of the district is unavailable, the authority conferred by this section may be exercised by the district judge in regular active service who is senior in commission or, if no such judge is available."
1577,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary shall establish a program to be known as'stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program. the program shall include engaging stakeholders, including victims of human trafficking and federal, state, local, and tribal partners, to develop a flexible training module for supporting activities under subsection (c)"
1578,"<pad> summarize: the president establishes a program to develop a coordinated federal ocean and coastal mapping plan. the program will be comprised of high-level representatives of the Department of Commerce, through the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Department of the Interior, the National Science Foundation, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and other appropriate federal agencies involved in ocean and coastal mapping. members include senior representatives from federal agencies with ocean and coastal mapping and surveying responsibilities. members include senior representatives from the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, the Chief of Naval Operations, the United States Geological Survey, the Minerals Management Service, the National Science Foundation, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the Coast Guard, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Federal Emergency Management Agency. the eric liu: a report detailing progress made in implementing this Act. liu: a report detailing progress made in implementing this Act. liu: a statement of the status of efforts to declassify data gathered by the Navy, the national geospatial-intelligence agency, and other agencies to the extent possible without jeopardizing national security. liu: the administrator shall develop and submit to the Congress a plan for an integrated ocean and coastal mapping initiative within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. the plan shall identify and describe all ocean and coastal mapping programs within the agency, including those that conduct mapping or related activities in the course of existing missions, such as hydrographic surveys, ocean exploration projects, living marine resource conservation and management programs, coastal zone management projects, and ocean and coastal observations and science projects. this Act does not supersede or alter the existing authorities of any federal agency with respect to ocean and coastal mapping. the existing authorities of any federal agency will not be superseded. if this Act does not apply, it will not apply.a cooperative agreement is authorized to be carried out by the Administrator. the administrator may execute a cooperative agreement with the Administrator. the administrator may execute a cooperative agreement with the Administrator. the administrator may execute a cooperative agreement with the Administrator. the term ""Administrator"" means the administrator of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. the term ""territorial sea"" means the belt of sea measured from the baseline of the United States. the term ""territorial sea"" means the belt of sea measured from the baseline of the United States. "
1579,"<pad> summarize: short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents. a short title, table of contents....... diabetes screening collaboration and outreach program. diabetes screening collaboration and outreach program aims to improve the quality of life. diabetes screening collaboration and outreach program aims to improve the quality of life.. diabetes screening collaboration and outreach programs are available in the u.s.Advisory group regarding employee wellness and disease management best practices.. Advisory group regarding employee wellness and disease management best practices....... Advisory group regarding employee wellness and disease management best practices.National Diabetes Report Card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card.. national diabetes report card. vital statistics collection is improved. vital statistics collection has been improved. a number of vital stats have been collected. a number of vital stats have been collected. a number of vital stats have been collected.one in 3 Americans born in 2000 will get diabetes. one in 2 Hispanic females born in 2000 will get diabetes. diabetes contributes to over 224,000 deaths a year. diabetes is the leading cause of new blindness in America. diabetes contributes to approximately 18,000 new cases of blindness each year. secretary of health and human services will review uptake and utilization of diabetes screening benefits. he will consult with various units of the federal government. he and the director will also consult with the centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. advisory group established under subsection (a) shall examine and make recommendations of best practices of employee wellness and disease management programs. the advisory group established under subsection (a) shall examine and make recommendations of best practices of employee wellness and disease management programs in order to provide public and private sector entities with improved information in assessing the role of employee wellness and disease management programs in saving money and improving quality of life for patients with chronic illnesses. each Report Card shall include aggregate health outcomes related to individuals diagnosed with diabetes and prediabetes including preventative care practices and quality of care, (B) risk factors. and outcomes. Updated reports. Each Report Card that is prepared after the initial Report Card shall include trend analysis for the Nation and, to the extent possible, for each State. the secretary of health and human services promotes education and training of physicians on the importance of birth and death certificate data and how to properly complete these documents. he may promote improvements to the collection of diabetes mortality data, including the addition a question for the individual certifying the cause of death.the secretary of health and human services conducts a study of the impact of diabetes on the practice of medicine in the united states. not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report on the study under subsection (a) to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committees on finances and health, education, labor, and pensions of the"
1580,"<pad> summarize: Section 354 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended. it is amended by striking ""under which the Administrator may"" and inserting ""under which the Administrator shall"" the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall submit to Congress a report.Title II of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. there is established in the Investment Division of the Small Business Administration an office to be known as the 'Office of New Markets Venture Capital' section 351(3)(A)(ii)(I) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended by striking ""50 percent"" and all that follows through the end and inserts ""the median family income in that tract does not exceed 80 percent of the greater of the statewide median family income or the metropolitan area median family income"" Section 358(a) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. if a company receives a grant under paragraph (6) and does not enter into a participation agreement for final approval, the company shall repay the amount of the grant to the Administrator. if a company receives a grant under paragraph (6) and does not enter into a participation agreement for final approval, the company shall repay the Administrator shall prescribe standard documents for final New Markets Venture Capital Company approval application under section 354(e) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 USC. 689c(e)). the standard documents shall be designed to substantially reduce the cost burden of the application process on the companies involved.section 368(a) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended by striking ""fiscal years 2001 through 2006"" and inserting ""fiscal years 2006 through 2008"" there is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000, to be available until expended, to carry out section 354(f) "
1581,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a Demonstration program in at least three locations. identification Criteria: in developing and implementing the criteria to identify members of the Armed Forces who are at-risk of becoming homeless after they are discharged or released from active duty. he may enter into contracts to provide the referral, counseling, and supportive services required under the demonstration program with entities or organizations that meet such requirements. Subsection (a) of section 2023 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""demonstration"" and inserting ""a program of"" such section is amended by striking ""demonstration"" in the subsection heading, (2) by striking ""demonstration"" and inserting ""in at least 12 locations"" section 2011 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Availability of Grant Funds for Service Center Personnel. grant under this section may be used to provide funding as necessary in order for the center to meet the service availability requirements of subsection (1).the Secretary shall take appropriate actions to ensure that domiciliary care programs are adequate. the department's domiciliary care programs are adequate. the department's domiciliary care programs are aimed at female veterans. "
1582,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this Act are to clarify the jurisdiction of the Federal Government over waters of the united states. provide consistency throughout the Nation in determining the jurisdiction of the Federal Government over waters of the United States. consolidate in one Federal agency the authority of the Federal Government to implement the permitting program established under section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Act. waters of the united states, including the territorial seas, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the permitting program established by this section if the waters are navigable. for purposes of paragraph (B), waters shall be considered hydrologically connected to navigable waters by a continuous, naturally occurring surface connection if the waters are connected.EPA enacts 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. all authorities transferred to the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers. EPA enacts 404(a) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act.the term 'navigable' means a water that is presently used, or is susceptible to use, in its natural condition or by reasonable improvement. the term 'navigable' means a water that is presently used, or is susceptible to use, in its natural condition or by reasonable improvement as a means to transport interstate or foreign commerce shoreward to its ordinary highwater mark."
1583,"<pad> summarize: Section 302 of the social security protection act of 2004 is amended by striking ""temporary"" and inserting ""Effective Date"" and all that follows through ""the amendments"" and inserting ""Effective Date"" the item relating to section 302 in the table of contents in section 1(b of such Act is amended by striking ""temporary"" section 206 of the social security Act is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. the commissioner shall provide for the extension of fee-withholding procedures. the representative has been awarded a bachelor's degree from an accredited institution of higher education."
1584,"<pad> summarize: federal flight deck officer program establishment 90 days after date of enactment. under secretary of transportation for security shall deputize qualified pilots. pilots participating in the program may not be eligible for compensation. a federal flight deck officer may use force against an individual if the officer reasonably believes the security of the aircraft is at risk.the undersecret of transportation for security shall establish an aviation crew self-defense division within the Transportation Security Administration. the requirements prescribed under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, 28 hours of self-defense training that incorporates classroom and situational training that contains the following elements. the undersecret of transportation for security shall prescribe regulations requiring air carriers to provide adequate training in the proper conduct of a cabin search and allow adequate duty time to perform"
1585,<pad> summarize: CREDIT FOR WIND ENERGY PROPERTY. Allowance of Credit. there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 30 percent of the amount paid or incurred by the taxpayer for qualified wind energy property placed in service or installed during such taxable year.
1586,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Definitions........................ 103. Relationship to existing sediment and nutrient monitoring. 105. Reporting requirements. 202. Use of electronic means to distribute information. 203. Reporting requirements. TITLE III AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS AND RELATED MATTERS Section 301. Authorization of appropriations. the terms ""Upper Mississippi River Basin"" and ""Basin"" refer to the activities authorized or required by this Act to monitor nutrient and sediment loss in the Upper Mississippi River Basin. the term ""sound science"" refers to the use of accepted and documented scientific methods to identify and quantify the sources, transport, and fate of nutrients and sediment.the Secretary of the Interior shall establish a sediment and nutrient monitoring network for the Upper Mississippi River Basin. it will identify significant sources of sediment and nutrient loss in the Upper Mississippi River Basin. the secretary of the Interior shall establish guidelines for data collection and storage."
1587,"<pad> summarize: Section 1581 of title 28, United States Code, is amended in subsection (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). by striking ""subsections (a)-(h)"" and inserting ""subsections (a)-(h) and (k)"" Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended in subsection (a)(2). by striking ""mutually acceptable resolution"" and inserting ""the Trade Representative or the petitioner considers"" Section 307(a)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended in subsection (a)(2)."
1588,"<pad> summarize: Section 202(b)(1) of such Act (42 USC. 402(b)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ""and ending with the month in which such child dies or with the month"" and inserting ""(E), (G), or (I)"" in the matter following subparagraph (F) Section 202(c)(4)(B) of such Act (42 USC. 402(f)(1)) is amended by Section 223 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the amount of any individual's monthly insurance benefit under this section paid for the month in which the individual dies shall be an amount equal to the amount of such benefit. this subsection shall apply with respect to such benefit after all other adjustments with respect to such benefit provided by this title have been made. section 202(I) of such Act is amended by striking ""three times"" and inserting ""47 percent of such individual's primary insurance amount, or an amount equal to $255, whichever is greater"". if incorporated in section 202(I), the first sentence of section 202(I) is amended by striking ""three times""section 203(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. determining maximum family benefits under section 215 deemed to be in section 215. the benefit payable to such individual for that month shall be disregarded.amendments to this Act apply to deaths occurring in the first month beginning 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will apply with respect to deaths occurring in the first month beginning more than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act."
1589,"<pad> summarize: Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness in people aged 20 to 74. up to 24,000 diabetics become legally blind each year. diabetes costs the nation an estimated $138,000,000,000 per year.Section 1861 of the Social Security Act is amended: in subparagraph (Y), by striking ""and"" at the end, (B) in subparagraph (Z), by adding ""and"" at the end. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to assessments performed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. a state plan for medical assistance under title XIX shall not be regarded as failing to comply'mobile diabetic retinopathy screening program' is based in california. 'eligible entity' means a hospital, an institution of higher education, a tribal government, a nonprofit health organization, or a community health center receiving assistance under section 330.'mobile diabetic retinopathy screening program' is based in california. 'eligible entity' means"
1590,"<pad> summarize: a lessee is a lessee that holds a covered lease on the date of enactment of this Act. if there are multiple lessees that own a share of a covered lease, the Secretary may implement separate agreements with any lessees with a share of the covered lease. a lessee or other person who has any direct or indirect interest in, or that derives any benefit from, a covered lease shall not constitute the Secretary of the Interior agrees to a request by any lessee to amend a lease issued for any Central and Western Gulf of Mexico tract in the period of January 1, 1996, through November 28, 2000. any amended lease shall impose the new or revised price thresholds effective October 1, 2010. Existing lease provisions shall prevail through September 30, 2010. "
1591,"<pad> summarize: a subdivision of section 516 is amended by striking ""80"" and inserting ""40"" and ""10"" it appears and inserting ""50"" and ""50"" a second place appears. a new section of section 516 is amended by striking ""80"" and inserting ""40"""
1592,"<pad> summarize: DIRECT Awards of Certain Education Funding. In general. the total amount of funds referred to in paragraph (1) are all funds not used to carry out paragraph (6)(B) for the fiscal year that are appropriated for the Department of Education for the fiscal year to carry out programs or activities under the following provisions of law.Section 1603 is amended by adding at the end: Dollars to the Classroom. not less than 95 percent of the funds made available to local educational agencies under this part are used for the costs of activities and services provided in the classroom. each local educational agency that receives funds under section 2 shall provide for the participation of children enrolled in private and home schools in activities and services assisted under such section in the same manner as private school children participate in activities and services. the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965 was passed. 14503, 14504, 14505 and 14506 of such Act were passed. the term ""local educational agency"" has the meaning given in section 14101. ""Secretary"" means the secretary of education. ""State"" means each of the several States of the united states, the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands."
1593,"<pad> summarize: section 343(a)(12)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended. the term 'debt forgiveness' does not include consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan.section 373(b) is amended to read as follows. the Secretary may not make or guarantee a loan to a borrower who received debt forgiveness. Exceptions may be imposed on a borrower restructured with a write-down under section 353.Section 339(b)(3) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended. Section 353(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ""100 percent"" and inserting ""110 percent"". if applicable, if applicable.Section 355(c)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended. ""shall be reallocated within such State"" in the first 10 months of the fiscal year. ""shall be reallocated within such State"" Section 311(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""subject to paragraph (3), the"" and inserting ""the"", (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ""or"" and adding at the end the following: is operating in an area which, during the preceding or current crop year the Secretary finds has been affected by a natural disaster in the United States or by a major disaster or emergency Section 353(e)(3) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended by striking "", and 50"" and inserting "", 50 percent if the recapture occurs after 4 years and within 8 years after the restructuring, and 35"" the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to shared appreciation arrangements with respect to which recapture has not occurred. Section 353 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended by striking subsection (m) and by redesignating subsections (n) and (o) as subsections and (n), respectively. section 353 is amended by striking subsection (m). "
1594,"<pad> summarize: the term ""administrator"" means an agency statement of general applicability and future effect. it does not include a legal advisory opinion for internal executive branch use and not for release. a guidance document may not include mandatory language such as ""shall"", ""must"", ""required"", or ""requirement,"" unless the agency is using these words to describe the procedure or practice requirements of an agency. Section 553(b)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ""for good cause"" Section 553(b)(b)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following: ""determines an imminent threat to public health or safety or similar exigent circumstance exists"" "
1595,"<pad> summarize: title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 90 the following new item relating to chapter 90. the table of chapters for part I of title 18, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 90 the following new item. if the person engaging in the conduct thereby intentionally kills or attempts to kill the unborn child, that person shall instead be punished as provided under sections 1111, 1112, and 1113 of this title subchapter X of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 919. ""919a. 119a. Death or injury of an unborn child,"" he says. a court-martial may direct such punishment."
1596,"<pad> summarize: Advisory committee to be known as the National Museum of Women's History Advisory Committee. there is established an advisory committee to be known as the national museum of women's history Advisory Committee. there is an advisory committee to be known as the national museum of women's history Advisory Committee.the Advisory Committee shall be composed of 5 ex officio nonvoting members and 21 voting members. 1 member shall be appointed by the President. 1 member shall be appointed by the Secretary of the interior. 1 member shall be appointed by the Secretary of the. the Advisory Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to identifying and recommending a site for the National Museum of Women's History in Washington, District of Columbia. the Advisory Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to identifying and recommending a site for the National Museum of Women's History in Washington, district of Columbia. the Advisory Committee shall conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to Secretary of the Interior shall provide all necessary administrative services, facilities, support, and funds necessary for the performance of the duties of the Advisory Committee. he shall provide all necessary administrative services, facilities, support, and funds necessary for the performance of the duties.each member of the Advisory Committee may receive compensation for each day such member is engaged in the duties of the Advisory Committee at a daily rate to be determined by the Secretary of the Interior. such rate shall not exceed the maximum daily rate of pay for a position classified above GS-15 under section 5108 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 Members of the Advisory Committee shall be entitled to travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized under sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. persons employed temporarily or intermittently may travel expenses. "
1597,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 3699 of title 38, United States Code is amended by adding at the end a new item. the amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on august 1, 2018. if the individual does not transfer credits from such program of education, the Secretary may continue to pay allowances to eligible veterans and eligible persons enrolled in courses set forth in section 3699 of title 38."
1598,"<pad> summarize: the right of citizens of the united states to vote is a fundamental part of american democracy. the right of citizens of the united states to have an effective voice is a fundamental right. there is an increasing public sentiment and demand for less taxation and a simplified tax code.term ""nonbinding referendum"" means placing on the general election ballot in every congressional district and delegate or resident commissioner district in 1998 the advisory questions defined below. the term ""advisory questions"" means the national Advisory Referendum on a flat tax on income requiring a national vote on tax increases.Advisory questions are placed on the 1998 general election ballot in every congressional district. this Act shall have the effect of placing the advisory questions under subsection (b) Advisory questions. if there be no general election scheduled to be held in any particular congressional district, a ballot shall be prepared for the voters of said district to participate. this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act will take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act will take effect on january 1, 2014."
1599,"<pad> summarize: section 224(g)(1) (42 USC. 233(g)(1)) is amended by striking ""officer, employee, or contractor"" and inserting ""officer, governing board member, or employee of such an entity""section 224(g) (42 USC. 233(g)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (1) as paragraph (1)(A) deeming of any entity or officer, governing board member, employee, or contractor to be an employee of the Public Health Service under subparagraph (A) applies to services provided to individuals who are not patients of an entity.Section 224(g)(1) (42 USC. 233(g)(1) is further amended in subparagraph (A) by inserting ""and subject to the approval by the Secretary of an application under subparagraph "" after ""for purposes of this section"" the Secretary may not deem an entity or an officer, governing board member, employee, or contractor of the entity to be an employee of the Public Health Service unless the entity has submitted an application for such a civil action or proceeding is filed in a State court against any entity described in subsection (g)(4) or any officer, governing board member, employee, or any contractor of such an entity. a civil action or proceeding shall be stayed in such court until such court conducts a hearing, and makes a determination as to the appropriate forum or procedure for the assertion of the claim for damages described in subsection (a)a managed care plan shall deem the entity and any officer, governing board member, employee, or contractor of such an entity as meeting any malpractice coverage requirements such plan may require of contracting providers for a calendar year. if such entity or officer, governing board member, employee, or contractor has been deemed to be an employee of the Public Health Service for purposes of this section. the individual is a licensed or certified provider of services in the fields of family practice, general internal medicine, general pediatrics or obstetrics and gynecology. in the case of an individual who normally performs an average of less than 3212 hours per week for the entity for the period of the contract. Section 224(i)(1) (42 USC. 233(i)(1)) is amended by striking ""may determine, after notice and opportunity for a full and fair hearing"" ""may on the record determine, after notice and opportunity for a full and fair hearing"" ""may on the record determine, after notice and opportunity for a full and fair hearing""general accounting office submits a report to the Congress on medical malpractice liability claims experience of entities that have been deemed to be employees for purposes of section 224 of the Public Health Service Act. the general accounting office shall consult with public and private entities with expertise on the matters with which the report is concerned. the report required under subsection (a) shall include an analysis by the General Accounting Office comparing the estimate of the General Accounting Office.Section 224(k)(2) is amended by striking ""$30,000,000"" and inserting ""$10,000,000"". if amended, the section will be amended. if amended. if amended. if amended."
1600,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Authority"" means the Sabine River Authority of Texas. the term ""federal land"" means the approximately 4,000 acres of national forest system land. the term ""non-federal land"" means the surface estate of a parcel or parcels of private land adjacent to Sabine National Forest.a cash equalization payment may be deposited into the fund established under public law 90-171. a land exchange under subsection (a) shall be conducted on an equal value basis. limits may be waived if the cash equalization payment is used. a land exchange under subsection (a) shall be conducted on an equal value basis. on completion of the land exchange under section 3(a), the Secretary shall modify the boundaries of the wilderness area to exclude all wilderness area land that, before the date of the exchange, was located within the Toledo Bend Project. the land excluded under section 3(a) to be removed from wilderness designation. a map and legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect."
1601,"<pad> summarize: Section 901(a) of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 is amended by striking ""December 31, 2012"" and inserting ""December 31, 2013"" the amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001. the amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Re PAYGO scorecards will not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained. a PAYGO scorecard will not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained. a PAYGO scorecard will not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained."
1602,"<pad> summarize: over 70 per cent will need some form of long-term services and supports. this is a major demographic shift and provides an opportunity for innovative solutions in long-term services and supports. Developing programs to facilitate high-quality independent community-based living, create and improve jobs, and address and improve upon gaps in existing systems will be essential to providing necessary services and supports to these individuals and families. PURPOSE aims to establish a grant program to provide incentives to states. it is the purpose of this Act to establish a grant program to provide incentives. it is the purpose of this Act to establish a grant program. state planning grants are granted to eligible States. a state must submit an application, at such time, in such manner. a state must submit a comprehensive plan for the implementation of long-term services and supports. a state may use not to exceed 5 percent of the amount awarded a grant. "
1603,"<pad> summarize: Section 7(b)(3)(E)(ii) of the federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended. it is amended by striking ""5-year period"" and inserting ""8-year period"". if amended, the federal Deposit Insurance Act may be amended.Section 14(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 USC. 1824(a)) is amended by striking ""$30,000,000,000"" and inserting ""$100,000,000,000"" NCUA. Section 203(d)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 USC. 1783(d)(1)) is amended.Section 13(c)(4)(G)(ii) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 USC. 1823(c)(4)(G)(ii) is amended to read as follows: Repayment of loss arising from any action taken or assistance provided with respect to an insured depository institution under clause (i) the Corporation shall recover the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund arising from any action taken or assistance provided with respect to an insured depository institution under clause if a Share Insurance Fund restoration plan meets the requirements of clause (ii), the Board shall establish and implement a restoration plan within 90 days that meets the requirements of clause (ii) and any other conditions as the Board determines to be appropriate. if the plan provides that the equity ratio of the Fund will meet or exceed the minimum amount specified in subparagraph (C) for the designated equity ratio. "
1604,"<pad> summarize: the term ""antitrust laws"" has the meaning given it in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act (15 USC. 12(a)) the term ""antitrust laws"" includes any State law similar to the laws referred to in subparagraph (A) the term ""interested party"" includes, with respect to a member team any political subdivision of a State that provides financial assistance, including tax abatement.it shall not be unlawful under the antitrust laws for a professional sports league to issue or enforce rules, or to enter into or carry out agreements, to permit or to restrict the relocation of any such member team. a professional sports league may not be able to issue or enforce rules. a person seeking to change the home territory of a member team must submit a request for approval of the proposed change to the appropriate professional sports league. each request for approval submitted under paragraph (1) shall be in written form. a detailed description of the requirements specified in subsection (a) applicable to the submission of such request. the professional sports league shall establish rules and procedures for approving or disapproving such requests.a civil action under subsection (a) may be commenced in any judicial district of the united states. a civil action under subsection (a) may be commenced in any judicial district of the united states. if the plaintiff prevails in a civil action commenced under subsection (a) against a professional sports league, the court shall enjoin such league to vacate the decision to approve or disapprove the request by the member team APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS. This Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. unless provided in subsection (b), this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment."
1605,"<pad> summarize: Section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 841(b)(1)) is amended by striking ""50 grams"" and inserting ""280 grams"" section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 USC. 960(b)) is amended by striking ""5 grams"" and inserting ""28 grams"" section 404(a) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 844(a)) is striking the sentence beginning ""Notwithstanding the preceding sentence"". if convicted, he will not be sentenced. Section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 USC. 841(b)) is amended by striking ""$4,000,000"", ""$10,000,000"", ""$8,000,000"", and ""$20,000,000,"" respectively. Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 USC. 960(b) is amended in paragraph (1), by striking ""$4,000,000"", ""$10,000,000 if the defendant used violence, made a credible threat to use violence, or directed the use of violence during a drug trafficking offense. if the defendant used violence, made a credible threat to use violence, or directed the use of violence during a drug trafficking offense. defendant bribed or attempted to bribe a federal, state, or local law enforcement official in connection with a drug trafficking offense. the defendant maintained an establishment for the manufacture or distribution of a controlled substance. the offense involved 1 or more super- aggravating factors. the defendant used impulse, fear, friendship, affection or some combination thereof to involve such person in the offense. if the defendant is subject to a minimal role adjustment, the base offense level shall not exceed level 32. there is an additional reduction of 2 offense levels if the defendant otherwise qualifies for a minimal role adjustment under the guidelines and had a minimum knowledge of the illegal enterprise. the united states Sentencing Commission shall promulgate the guidelines, policy statements, or amendments provided for in this Act as soon as practicable. if the authority under that Act had not expired, make such conforming amendments to the Federal sentencing guidelines as the Commission determines necessary to achieve consistency with other guideline provisions and applicable law. the report submitted under subsection (a) shall assess the efforts of the Department of Justice to collect data on the performance of federally funded drug courts. address the effect of drug courts on recidivism and substance abuse rates. address any cost benefits resulting from the use of drug courts as alternatives to incarceration. UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION REPORT ON IMPACT OF CHANGES TO FEDER"
1606,"<pad> summarize: section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i) section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i). section 1028 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i)"
1607,"<pad> summarize: in 2012, an estimated 23,900,000 people aged 12 or older were current drug users. there were an estimated 1,600,000 users of cocaine, 440,000 users of methamphetamine, 335,000 users of heroin and 6,800,000 non-medical users of prescription-type drugs. president obama identified 22 countries as major drug transit or major illicit drug producing countries. nearly all cocaine consumed in the United States originates in the And ESTABLISHMENT is established by the ""Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission"" there is established an independent commission to be known as the ""Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission"" ESTABLISHMENT.review of illicit drug supply and drug trafficking aims to reduce damage associated with illicit drug markets and trafficking. review will include drug interdiction, crop eradication, alternative development, drug production surveys, police and justice sector training, demand reduction.appointment. Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. vacancies shall not affect the power and duties of the Commission. vacancies shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. vacancies shall not affect the power and duties of the Commission. Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairperson or a majority of its members. hearings and undertake such other activities as the Commission determines necessary to carry out its duties. documents, statistical data, and other such information. in general the Commission shall have reasonable access to documents, statistical data, and other such information. a director shall be appointed by a majority vote of the Commission. he may appoint and fix the compensation of such other personnel. he may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5 relating to classification and general schedule pay rates.there is authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 to carry out this Act. amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. Section 102(a) of the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009 is amended. it inserts ""$1,498,000,000"" in the section. a new section of this section has been amended. a new section of this section has been amended.the Commission shall terminate on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Commission submits its report pursuant to section 4(c). the date is 60 days after the date on which the Commission submits its report to Congress."
1608,"<pad> summarize: revocation of certification or accreditation is unlawful and a violation of this title. a person covered by this title shall maintain, and make available to the Secretary on the request of the Secretary. a person covered by this title shall maintain all contracts, agreements, receipts, and other records associated with the organic certification program established by the Secretary under this title."
1609,"<pad> summarize: Section 1902 of the Social Security Act is amended in subsection (a) by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting "", and"" provided that the State shall not terminate eligibility for medical assistance under a State plan for an individual who is an eligible juvenile. the term 'eligible juvenile' means an individual who is under 21 years of age notwithstanding that the juvenile is such an inmate."
1610,"<pad> summarize: Section 506(a)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 USC. 356(a)(1)) requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to ""facilitate the development and expedite the review of such drug if it is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition"" Section 506(b)(1) of such Act provides that the Secretary need not approve an application for approval of a fast track product fda approves an investigational drug for serious or immediately life-threatening disease condition. a licensed practitioner has filed an application for treatment use. a licensed practitioner may furnish such drug to the submitting licensed practitioner. Section 506(b)(1) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended by striking ""may"" and inserting ""shall"". if amended, the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act will be amended. "
1611,"<pad> summarize: Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended by adding at the end the following new part. the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance is authorized to make grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribes to provide protective equipment and training for use in investigating and responding to offenses related to methamphetamine clandestine drug laboratories."
1612,<pad> summarize: ombudsman appointed by the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security. ombudsman must have experience in labor and employment relations with federal agencies. ombudsman must be able to conduct investigations not affected. ombudsman must report to the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration.
1613,"<pad> summarize: section 1106 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. the term 'Director' means the director of the Office of Personnel Management. each Federal Executive Board for a geographic area shall consist of an appropriate senior officer."
1614,"<pad> summarize: nearly 750,000 American teens ages 15 through 19 become pregnant each year. nearly 750,000 teens ages 15 through 19 become pregnant each year. in 2002, the pregnancy rate was double the rate for white teens. gonorrhea rate was 2,106 per 100,000 population.grant may be made under paragraph (1) only if the applicant involved agrees to use one or more of the following strategies. a grant may be made under paragraph (1) only if the applicant involved has formed an appropriate coalition of entities for purposes of carrying out a project under such paragraph. a grant may be made under paragraph (1) only if the applicant involved has formed an appropriate coalition of entities for purposes of carrying out a project under such paragraph. a grant the Secretary shall make grants to public and nonprofit private entities. grant may be made under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved agrees that the multimedia campaign under such subsection will provide information on the prevention of unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections, including HIV AIDS, among teens. grant may be made under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved agrees that the multimedia campaign under such subsection will provide information on the prevention of unintended pregnancy and a grant may be made under subsection (a) only if the applicant involved is an organization that meets the following conditions. the organization has at least 10 years of experience focusing on preventing teen pregnancy and working with diverse groups to reduce the rate of teen pregnancy in eligible communities. the organization conducts or supports research and has experience with scientific analyses and evaluations. the Secretary shall make grants to public or nonprofit private entities to conduct, support, and coordinate research on the prevention of unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections, including HIV AIDS, among teens in eligible communities. in carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall support research that investigates the incidence and prevalence of teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections, including HIV AIDS, among teens.grant may be made under this Act only if the applicant involved agrees that all information provided pursuant to the grant will be age-appropriate, factually and medically accurate and complete, and scientifically based. a grant may be made under this Act only if the applicant involved agrees that all information provided pursuant to the grant will be age-appropriate, factually and medically accurate and complete, and scientifically based. grant term ""eligible community"" has the meaning indicated in section 3(a)(1). the term ""eligible community"" includes the acquired immune deficiency syndrome. the term ""medically accurate"" with respect to information. the term ""racial or ethnic minority or immigrant communities"" means communities. "
1615,"<pad> summarize: the term ""line of demarcation"" means the general line formed by the lakeward extent of the first contiguous vegetation that is upland from the high water mark. the term ""map"" means the map titled ""Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore, Proposed Wilderness Boundary,"" numbered 63480,083, and dated February, 2009. lands and inland waters comprising approximately 32,557 acres are hereby designated as wilderness. lands and inland waters comprising approximately 32,557 acres along the mainland shore of Lake Michigan and on certain nearby islands in Benzie and Leelanau Counties, Michigan. the wilderness area designated by this section shall be known as the ""Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore Wilderness"" no buffer zones or buffer zones are created around the wilderness area. no buffer zones are created around the wilderness area. no buffer zones are created around the wilderness area. no buffer zones are created to prevent the use of watercraft. no buffer zones are created around the wilderness area."
1616,"<pad> summarize: Section 110 of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. the item relating to New Jersey in the table set forth in section 133(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. the item relating to New Jersey in the table set forth in section 133(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended to read as follows.district judge of the district court of New Jersey who is holding office on the day before the effective date of this Act. if a vacancy occurs in a judgeship in either judicial district of New Jersey, the vacancy shall first be offered to those judges appointed before the enactment of this Act and in active service in the other judicial district of New Jersey at the time of the vacancy. if a vacancy occurs in a judge this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. appointments may take effect at any time after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1617,"<pad> summarize: Section 1119(a) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended in paragraph (2). in the matter preceding subparagraph, section 1119(a) is amended by striking ""As part"" and inserting ""Except as provided in paragraph (4), as part"" Section 1111(b)(2)(I)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect and apply beginning with the first academic year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1618,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of homeland security shall establish a retention plan. a recruitment incentive for Border patrol agents is established. the plan includes the payment of bonuses to Border Patrol agents for every year of service after the first two years of service. the establishment of a mechanism whereby Border Patrol agents can transfer from one location to another. the Secretary of homeland security shall take such steps as may be necessary to control the costs of hiring, training, and deploying new Border Patrol agents. a competitive sourcing study to compare the costs of training new Border Patrol agents at a non-profit or private training facility. Exception and certification. in general. if the Secretary determines that the per-agent cost referred to in paragraph (1) exceeds $150,000, the Secretary shall promptly submit to the Committee Section 1202(a) of 2002 Supplemental Appropriations Act for Further Recovery From and Response To Terrorist Attacks on the united states is amended in first sentence. section 1202(a) of 2002 Supplemental Appropriations Act for Further Recovery from and Response to Terrorist Attacks on the united states is amended in first sentence. academies operated by state and local governments, universities, nonprofit organizations, and private companies are required to replicate the initial training provided to new Border Patrol agents. academies operate by state and local governments, universities, nonprofit organizations, and private companies to replicate, in whole or in part, the initial training provided to new Border Patrol agents.a reemployed Federal annuitant cannot be considered an employee. a reemployed Federal annuitant cannot be considered an employee. a waiver of reduction under subsection (a)(2) applies if such appointment would result in the displacement.the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into contracts with private entities. he shall not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. he shall publish a request for proposal to hire administrative support staff to monitor cameras.the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into contracts with private entities for the purpose of providing enhanced capacity to secure the international land and maritime borders of the united states. the Secretary shall not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, direct the Federal Protective Service of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hire similar, highly trained, private security personnel. the Secretary of Homeland Security may allow the recipient of amounts under a covered grant to use those amounts to reimburse itself for costs it incurs in carrying out any terrorism prevention or deterrence activity. the term ""covered grant"" means grants provided by the Department of homeland security to States, local governments, or Indian tribes at any time on or after October 1, 2001. "
1619,"<pad> summarize: Section 7101(a) is amended by striking out paragraph (1) and inserting in lieu thereof. Section 7101(b) is amended by striking out paragraph (2) and inserting in lieu thereof ""year, and"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""year, and"". Section 7101(b) is amended by striking out ""section 7103(d) and inserting in lieu thereof ""an"" Section 7102 is amended to read as follows. assignment may not be reviewed by any other official or by any court. if such assignment by the Chairman may not be reviewed by any other official or any other court. if such assignment is made by the Chairman, it may not be reviewed by any court. Section 7103(a) is amended by adding at the end the following. if a panel considers a case after a motion for reconsideration has been granted, the decision shall constitute the final decision of the Board, except as provided in subsection (d) of this section.Section 7104 is amended by striking out ""(a)"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""511(a)"" and by striking out all after ""made by the Board"" section 7104 is amended by striking out ""211(a)"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""511(a)"" Section 7105(d) is amended by striking out paragraph (5). APPELLATE PROCEDURE. section 7105(d) is amended by striking out paragraph (5). if amended, if amended. a board member or a panel of members before whom a medical question is pending may request an opinion. an employee of the Veterans Health Administration who is licensed to practice medicine in any State may provide such an opinion. an employee of a medical school, university, or clinic shall not be considered an employee of the Department or another Federal department or agency. hearing docket will be maintained and formal recorded hearings will be held. an appellant may request a hearing before the Board at either its principal location or a regional office of the Department. an appellant may request a hearing at either its principal location or a regional office of the Department.the table of contents at the beginning of chapter 71 is amended by striking ""7102. Assignment of members of Board"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""7102. Assignment of appellate matters"" striking ""7109. Independent medical opinions"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""7110. Hearings"" Section 5110 amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the effective date of the award of any benefit, or any increase therein, shall be if the award resulted from review initiated by an application to reopen the claim for the benefit in question under the provisions of section 5108 of this title."
1620,"<pad> summarize: the term ""covered law enforcement agency"" means the Forest Service Law Enforcement and Investigations unit. the term ""federal land"" means any land and interest in land owned by the United States within a State and included within the National Grasslands. the term ""federal land"" means any land and interest in land owned by the United States within a State and included within the National Forest System. not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of the Interior shall terminate the Bureau of Land Management Office of Law Enforcement and cease using employees of the Department of the Interior to perform law enforcement functions on federal land. no amounts are authorized to be appropriated for a covered law enforcement agency or for Federal law enforcement functions on Federal land.grant funds only be allowed to be used to carry out law enforcement functions on federal land. the Secretary of the Interior will modify the grant formula to reflect visitation levels. a State or unit of local government receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior an annual report certifying that the grant funds were used only for the Federal land law enforcement functions specified in subsection.a grant or subgrant under section 4 is required. a state or unit of local government receiving a grant or subgrant will enter into an agreement relating to the maintenance of law and order and the protection of individuals and property on federal land. a law enforcement officer of a State or unit of local government performing law enforcement functions pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a) shall not be deemed to be a federal employee."
1621,"<pad> summarize: grazing fees required by this section shall apply beginning with the grazing season that commences on march 1, 1998. the Secretary concerned shall publish rules in accordance with chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, which ensure that whenever practicable fair market value is established through competitive bidding. holder of a federal grazing lease or permit shall be charged the prevailing grazing fee on that date."
1622,"<pad> summarize: taxable years beginning after 2017 the rate table otherwise in effect under this section shall be further adjusted as provided in subparagraph (B) the rate table otherwise in effect under this section with respect to any individual for any taxable year shall be adjusted as follows. if any amount determined under clause(i) is not a multiple of $50, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50."
1623,"<pad> summarize: if enactment of this Act is enacted, it will raise tariffs on imports from the People's Republic of China. it is the purpose of this Act to authorize the President to raise tariffs on imports from the People's Republic of China to tariff levels in effect on December 31, 1994. it is the purpose of this Act to authorize the President of the United States to raise tariffs on imports from the People's Republic of China enactment of this Act determines whether or not the People's Republic of China is according adequate trade benefits to the United States. if the President determines that the People's Republic of China is not according adequate trade benefits to the United States, then the President shall proclaim, within 180 days after that determination, an increase in the rate of duty imposed under paragraph (1) if the President notifies the appropriate congressional committees.ACCESSION TO THE WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION. on the date on which the People's Republic becomes a WTO member, the provisions of title IV shall cease to apply to that country. nondiscriminatory treatment shall apply to the products of that country. the term ""WTO member"" has the meaning in section 2(10) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 USC. 3501(10)). the term ""WTO member"" has the meaning given in section 2(10) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 USC. 3501(10)). "
1624,"<pad> summarize: if, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the King Cove Corporation transfers to the United States all right, title, and interest of the Corporation in and to the land described in subsection (b), and any improvements thereon. if, not later than 30 days after such transfer, the Secretary of the Interior shall grant the Aleutians East Borough a perpetual right-of-way of 100 feet in width through the right-of-way granted under section 2 shall include sufficient lands for logistical staging areas and construction material sites used for the construction and maintenance of a public road on the right-of-way unless otherwise agreed to by the Secretary and the Aleutians East Borough. the right-of-way granted under section 2 shall be located within sections 2, 3, 10, and 11. ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""Corporation"" means the King Cove Corporation. the term ""Corporation"" means the Aleutians East Borough.."
1625,"<pad> summarize: section 212(n)(1)(A) of immigration and nationality act is amended. the employer is offering and will offer during the period of authorized employment to aliens admitted or provided status as an H-1B nonimmigrant wages. the employer is offering and will offer during the period of authorized employment to aliens admitted or provided status as an H-1B nonimmigrant wages. Section 212(n) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1182(n)) is amended by striking ""90 days"" and inserting ""180 days"" each place it appears. in the matter before subclause (I), by inserting ""actively"" before ""recruit"" section 212(n)(1)(G)(i)(I) is amended by inserting ""actively"" before ""recruit"" Section 212(n)(1)(C) of such Act is amended. it is amended by inserting after subparagraph (i) the following: ""(i) has provided"" and ""(ii) has provided""Section 214(g)(5) of the immigration and nationality Act is amended in subparagraph (A) by adding ""or"" after the semicolon, (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking "", or"" and inserting a period. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to the issuance of a visa under section 101(a)(a)(15)(H)(i)(B) Section 214(i)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended in subparagraph (A) by adding ""or"" at the end. in subparagraph (B), by inserting a period and striking a period. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to applications filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.Section 212(n)(2) of the immigration and nationality Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. Section 212(n)(2)(A) of such Act (8 USC. 1182(n)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. the Secretary shall be responsible under this paragraph for investigations of wage complaints. section 212(n)(2)(C)(iv) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. it is amended by inserting ""take, fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take,"" before ""to intimidate""Section 212(n)(1)(E)(ii) of the immigration and nationality act is amended. the amendment shall apply to applications filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments made by this section shall apply to applications filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1626,"<pad> summarize: a portion of El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro that resided in what is now the United States extended between El Paso, Texas and present San Juan Pueblo, New Mexico a distance of 404 miles. a portion of El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro that resided in what is now the United States extended between El Paso, Texas and present San Juan Pueblo, New Mexico. section 5(a) of the National Trails System Act (16 USC. 1244(a) is amended. it is a 404-mile long trail from the Rio Grande near El Paso, Texas to San Juan Pueblo, New Mexico. map generally depicting the trail shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the National Park Service, Department of Interior. "
1627,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: 78,500 farms in the state of California are investing in agriculture. avlon: educating young people in the state is an investment that will pay off in future benefits. he asks: if California intends to keep its agricultural industry strong and vibrant. avlon: educating young people in the state is an investment that will pay off."
1628,"<pad> summarize: naspa has only those powers granted to it through its bylaws and articles of incorporation filed in the state in which it is incorporated. naspa is a state in which it is incorporated and subjected.corporation honors persons who have contributed to practice of applied psychology, dentistry, medicine, nursing, optometry, osteopathy, podiatry, social work, veterinary medicine. the corporation will honor persons who have made significant contributions.SERVICE OF PROCESS complies with the laws of the state in which it is incorporated. the corporation shall comply with the laws of the state in which it is incorporated. the corporation shall comply with the laws of the state in which it is incorporated. eligibility for membership in the corporation and rights and privileges of members shall be as provided in the bylaws of the corporation. eligibility for membership in the corporation and the rights and privileges of members shall be as provided in the bylaws of the corporation.composition and the responsibilities of the board of directors shall be as provided in the articles of incorporation of the corporation. the corporation is incorporated in the state in which it is incorporated. if incorporated in the state, it will be incorporated in the state.officers of the corporation and election of such officers shall be as provided in the articles of incorporation of the corporation. the corporation is incorporated in the state in which it is incorporated. the corporation is governed by the laws of the state in which it is incorporated.no part of the income or assets of the corporation shall inure to any member, officer, or director of the corporation or be distributed to any such person during this life of this charter. the corporation shall not make any loan to any officer, director, or employee of the corporation, acting as such officer or director. the corporation shall be liable for the acts of its officers and agents when acting within the scope of their authority. the corporation shall be liable for the acts of its officers and agents when acting within the scope of their authority. the corporation shall be liable for the acts of its officers and agents when acting within the scope of their authority. the corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of account. the corporation shall keep minutes of any proceeding involving any of its members, the board of directors, or any committee having authority under the board of directors. names and addresses of all members having the right to vote in any proceeding of the corporation. the corporation shall keep at its principal office a record of the names and addresses of all members having the right to vote in any proceeding. the first section of AUDIT OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS is amended by redesignating paragraph (72) as paragraph (71) by redesignating paragraph (60), relating to the National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, as paragraph (73).the corporation shall report annually to the Congress relating to its activities during the preceding fiscal year. such annual report shall be submitted at the same time as the report of the audit for such fiscal year required by section 3 of the Act referred to in section 11 of this Act.right to alter, amend, or repeal this Act is expressly reserved to the Congress. the right to alter, amend, or repeal this Act is expressly reserved to the Congress. the right to alter, amend, or repeal this Act is expressly reserved. ""State"" includes the district of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. the term ""State"" includes the territories and possessions of the united states. the term ""State"" includes the territories and possessions of the united states.TAX-EXEMPT STATUS maintains its status as an organization exempt from taxation as provided in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any similar provision. the corporation shall maintain its status as an organization exempt from taxation as provided in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any corresponding similar provision. charter granted by this Act shall terminate if corporation fails to comply with restrictions or provisions of this Act. if corporation fails to comply with any restrictions or provisions of this Act the charter shall terminate. if the corporation fails to comply with any of the restrictions or provisions of this Act the charter granted by this Act shall terminate. "
1629,"<pad> summarize: the administrator of the General Services Administration shall install wi-fi hotspots in all publicly accessible Federal buildings. retrofit all Federal buildings constructed prior to the date of enactment of this Act on a timetable that reflects the importance of wireless communication to the Federal functions being performed. executive agency, a state, a political subdivision or agency of a State may grant an easement or rights-of-way to the applicant. the executive agency having control of the building may grant to the applicant, on behalf of the Federal Government, an easement or rights-of-way to perform such installation, construction, and maintenance. the administrator of the General Services Administration shall develop a common form for rights-of-way applications required under subsection (a the administrator of the general services administration shall develop one or more master contracts governing the placement of wireless transmitters on buildings owned by the Federal Government. such master contract shall standardize the treatment of covering rooftop space, equipment, and technology, and any other key issues that the Administrator determines appropriate. the administrator of the general services administration shall develop a common form or set of forms for wireless transmitter siting applications.the term ""wireless neutral host system"" means a small cellular communications base station and related antenna. the term ""wireless neutral host system"" means a site or area in which the public can access the Internet via a wireless connection. "
1630,"<pad> summarize: section 2707 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section. Section 2707 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section. Section 2707 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to health insurance coverage offered, sold, issued, renewed, in effect, or operated in the individual"
1631,"<pad> summarize: the coordinator shall develop a 5-year strategic plan for program monitoring, operations research, and impact evaluation research. he shall publish a report to the appropriate congressional committees. he shall publish a best practices report highlighting the programs that have the potential for translation."
1632,"<pad> summarize: the term ""approved fire suppression system"" means an automatic fire sprinkler system. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term. the Secretary shall establish a demonstration program to award grants on a competitive basis to any eligible entity for the purpose of installing approved fire suppression systems in student housing and dormitories owned or controlled by that eligible entity. eligible entities may be eligible to apply for grants under this section. a social fraternity or sorority exempt from taxation. Exception applies to the admission of an application, determination, or statement described in subsection (a) as evidence in a proceeding to enforce an agreement entered into between the Secretary and an eligible entity under section 3. this section does not apply to the admission of an application, determination, or statement described in subsection (a) as evidence in a proceeding to enforce an agreement entered into between the Secretary and an eligible entity under section 3."
1633,"<pad> summarize: a revolving fund is required to establish a reserve of agricultural commodities. if a commodity is stored in the Biofuels Feedstocks Energy Reserve, the Secretary may make loans under this section. a loan or loan guarantee may be required to fulfill the needs of the applicant. if the applicant is a farmer, member of an association of farmers, member of a farm cooperative, municipal entity, nonprofit corporation, State, or Territory"
1634,<pad> summarize: 'eligible entity' means a state or local government. the term 'eligible site' means a site that is not within the exterior boundaries of a unit of the National Park System. an eligible entity may acquire an interest in an eligible site using a grant under this subsection in partnership with a nonprofit organization.
1635,"<pad> summarize: the exemption provided in subsection (a) shall apply to conduct occurring beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. the term ""independent pharmacy"" means a pharmacy that has a market share of less than 10 percent in any PDP region."
1636,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 63(c) is amended by striking ""1987"" and inserting ""10 percent"" there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who makes a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013, and every surviving spouse (as defined in section 2(a)). there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every individual (other than an individual to whom subsection or a tax determined in accordance with the"
1637,"<pad> summarize: Section 60117 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of this paragraph. the Secretary of Transportation may recover costs incurred by the Secretary in an investigation of an accident with respect to such transportation or facilities. for the purposes of this paragraph, the costs incurred by the Secretary in an investigation of an accident may include the cost of hiring additional personnel, the cost of tests or studies. Subsection (b) of section 60114 of title 49 is amended by adding at the end the following. the Secretary may also make grants to one-call notification systems relating to the promotion of the utilization of such systems. such subsection is further amended by inserting ""(1)"" after ""Grants.""section 60117(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended. it includes training activities relating to prevention of damage to pipeline facilities. section 60117(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended.the Secretary of Transportation may develop an electronic data base containing uniform information on the nature, extent, and geographic location of pipeline facilities. the purpose of the data base shall be to provide information on such facilities to the Secretary, owners of pipeline facilities, as persons engaged in transporting gas or hazardous liquids through pipeline facilities. the Secretary shall ensure that the Federal share of the cost of any activities carried out under a grant or cooperative agreement made under this subsection does not exceed 50 percent Section 60125(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding after paragraph (3) the following new paragraphs: $20,000,000 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1996. $30,000,000 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1997. $35,000,000 for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998."" federal Energy Regulatory Commission will review its practices and guidelines. within 2 years after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall make educational information available. educational information for local jurisdictions relating to interstate gas pipeline facilities permits.Chapter 601 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""60126. Dumping within pipeline rights-of-way Prohibition"" no person shall excavate within the right-of- way of an interstate gas pipeline facility or interstate hazardous liquid pipeline facility, or any other limited area in vicinity of such interstate pipeline facility.section 60102(f)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ""October 24, 1995"" and inserting in lieu thereof ""1 year after the date of the enactment of the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 1995"" section 60116 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""(a) Gas Leaks. "" before ""Under regulations the Secretary"" a request for reporting of any instances of excavation or dumping on interstate pipeline facility. Section 60102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Remotely or Automatically Controlled Valves. not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe regulations requiring the installation and use, wherever technically and economically feasible, of remotely or automatically controlled valves that are reliable and capable of shutting off the flow of gas.section 60102(f) of title 49 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. owner or operator must obtain baseline information with respect to the safety of the pipeline. a pipeline is required to pass instrumented internal inspection devices."
1638,"<pad> summarize: Section 3306 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. the term 'employment assistance voucher' means a program under which an eligible individual is issued an employment assistance voucher, upon employment with an employer described in paragraph (5) the eligible individual transfers the employment assistance voucher to the employer. a state program shall not be treated as an employment assistance voucher program for purposes of this chapter unless the program does not result in any cost to the Unemployment"
1639,"<pad> summarize: petrified forest national park was established to preserve and interpret paleontological and archaeological resources of the Park that are generally regarded as the most important record of the Triassic period in natural history. significant paleontological, archaeological, and scenic resources directly related to the resource values of the Park are located in land areas adjacent to the boundaries of the Park. a boundary adjustment at the Park will alleviate major threats to those nationally significant resources. the term ""map"" means the map entitled ""Proposed Boundary Adjustments, Petrified Forest National Park"", numbered, and dated. the term ""Park"" means the Petrified Forest National Park in the state. Secretary. The term ""Secretary"" means the State of Arizona.the boundary of the Park is revised to include approximately acres. the map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the national park service. the map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the national park service.the Secretary may acquire from a willing seller, by purchase, exchange, or by donation, any private land or interests in private land within the revised boundary of the Park. the Secretary may acquire from a willing seller, by purchase, exchange, or by donation, any State land or interests in State land within the revised boundary of the Park. grazing. In general. the Secretary shall permit the continuation of grazing on land transferred to the Secretary under this Act, subject to applicable laws and Executive orders. grazing. in general. The Secretary shall permit the continuation of grazing on land transferred to the Secretary under this Act, subject to applicable laws and executive orders."
1640,"<pad> summarize: federal policy can promote cooperative development. boosting local economic stability. boosting local circulation of capital. promoting local economic stability. promoting cooperative development aims to create jobs. a federal program will create jobs and increase economic development. the term ""cooperative development"" means technical assistance provided for financial forecasting, feasibility analysis, business planning, and other preparatory activities. the term ""cooperative organization"" means an autonomous association of persons united voluntarily to meet their common economic, social, and cultural needs and aspirations through a jointly-owned and democratically-controlled enterprise. the term ""eligible project area"" means an area located within a census tract that is defined as low- the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall establish a program to be known as the National Cooperative Development Program to carry out the purpose described in section 2(b). the Secretary shall use amounts made available for the program for providing grants to local cooperative development centers, to carry out activities that promote cooperative development, that are selected for such grants under paragraph (3)(B). the Secretary shall allocate not less than 50 percent of the amounts made available for the program for grants under paragraph (1)(A) local cooperative development centers and financial institutions receive grant amounts based on this Act. report includes a description of the activities undertaken by such local center or institution with such grant amounts. report includes identification of the number of cooperative organizations created using amounts made available under this Act. report includes best practices from the local cooperative development centers that are awarded grants under this Act.not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations necessary to carry out this Act. enactment of this Act is required by senate federation federation.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the National Cooperative Development Program, to remain available until expended, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the National Cooperative Development Program, to remain available until expended. "
1641,"<pad> summarize: Section 446 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Small Business Taxpayers Not Required to Use Inventories. an eligible taxpayer shall not be required to use an accrual method of accounting for any taxable year if for all prior taxable years beginning after December 31, 1999."
1642,<pad> summarize: the Administrator shall develop and submit to congress a plan for using the Small Business Administration's entrepreneurial development programs to create or retain jobs. the Administrator shall identify a strategy for each Administration region to create or retain jobs through Administration programs. the Administrator shall establish a database of entrepreneurial development service providers. the Administrator shall designate not less than one staff member in each Administration district office.
1643,"<pad> summarize: section 40(b)(6) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new clause. the term <unk> second generation biofuel' shall not include any fuel if more than 4 percent of such fuel is a combination of water and sediment, or the ash content of such fuel is more than 1 percent. if such fuel would be a liquid at room temperature after extraction of all water from the fuel, such fuel would be a liquid at room"
1644,"<pad> summarize: transmission networks are the backbone of competitive power markets and increased interstate commerce in electricity. to support competitive power markets and to bring the benefits of less regulation of such markets to transmission customers, consumers, businesses, and the public, both today and in the near future, transmission networks must be expanded, enhanced and improved. Section 201(b)(1) of the Federal Power Act (16 USC. 824(b)(1)) is amended by inserting after ""transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce"" the term 'unbundled retail sale of electric energy' means the sale of electric energy to an ultimate consumer in which the generation and transmission service are not sold separately. Section 201(c) of the Federal Power Act (16 USC. 824(c)) is amended by section 203 of the federal power act is repealed...... section 203 of the Federal Power Act is repealed.. section 203 of the Federal Power Act is repealed. Commission may allow the charging of negotiated rates for transmission services without regard to costs. if a company or company is willing to pay such negotiated rates, such costs shall not be recovered from other transmission customers. if a transmission company is willing to pay such negotiated rates, such costs will not be recovered from other transmission customers.ELECTRIC RELIABILITY STANDARDS is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. a transmitting utility may require its transmission customers and any other transmitting utility to which it is either directly or indirectly interconnected to observe, as a condition of receiving transmission service, policies, or standards duly adopted by an electric reliability organization approved by the Commission. if the Commission finds that any policy or standard adopted by a transmitting utility is the commission may approve and may encourage the formation of regional transmission organizations. a regional transmission organization is approved of by participating transmitting utilities. no order issued under this Act shall be conditioned upon or require a transmitting utility to transfer operational control of jurisdictional facilities to an independent system operator or other regional transmission organization."
1645,<pad> summarize:.........................a court of a State may modify a child support order or an order adjudicating parentage. a court of a State may modify a child support order or an order adjudicating parentage. a court of a State may enforce the order with respect to unsatisfied obligations. a court of a State may modify a child support order or an order adjudicating parentage.
1646,"<pad> summarize: each rate of tax referred to in subsection (b) shall be reduced to zero. rates of tax referred to in this subsection are the rates of tax otherwise applicable under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 4041(a) of such Code. diesel fuel used in trains is amended by striking ""and"" and inserting a period. aviation fuel is amended by striking ""21.8 cents"" and inserting ""17.5 cents"" a tax of 0.1 cent per gallon is imposed on any liquid other than gasoline sold by any person to an owner, lessee, or other operator of a diesel-powered train unless there was a taxable sale of such fuel under section 4081. tax referred to in section 2(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 applies to any liquid held by a dealer. a tax referred to in section 2(b) has been imposed on any liquid. a tax referred to in section 2(b) has not been imposed on such liquid. no credit or refund shall be allowed or made under this section unless claim therefor is filed. taxable liquid held on the floor stocks tax date by a person is imposed a floor stocks tax equal to the excess of the tax imposed on such liquid. a person holding a liquid on the floor stocks tax date to which the tax imposed by subsection applies shall be liable for such tax. the term <unk> taxable liquid' means any liquid held on the floor stocks tax date. the term <unk> taxable liquid' means any liquid held on the an amount equal to a reduction in revenues to the Treasury by reason of a reduction under this Act shall be treated as taxes received in the Treasury under such rate. if deemed appropriated to a trust fund, an amount equal to the reduction in revenues to the Treasury by reason of a reduction under this Act shall be treated as taxes received under such rate. reformulated gas mandate of the Clean Air Act affects fuel prices. reformulated gas mandate aims to reduce taxes. reformulated gas mandate will be passed through to consumers. a study will be carried out 60 days after date of enactment of this Act."
1647,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (1) of section 219 is amended by striking ""subsections (b) and (c)"" and inserting ""$2,250"" and ""$2,000"" a spouse's spouse may be reduced by the amount allowable as a deduction under subsection (a) a taxable year.paragraph (2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs. the term <unk> qualified first-time homebuyer' means any payment or distribution received by an individual to the extent such payment or distribution is used by the individual before the close of the 60th day after the day on which such payment or distribution is received. the term <unk> qualified long-term care expenses' means the costs of acquiring, constructing, or reconstructing a residence"
1648,"<pad> summarize: average life expectancy in the united states has increased to 80 years of age. half of these physicians entered programs of medical studies as graduates of universities. the other half consisted of graduates of foreign institutions admitted to medical schools under the J-1 Visa Program. Section 338H(a) of the public health service act is amended by striking ""$146,250,000"" of the public health service Act. the Secretary shall obligate $30,000,000 for contracts for scholarships under this subpart to individuals who are accepted for enrollment, or enrolled, in a course of study or program described in section 338A(b)(1)(B) Section 736(h)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 293(h)(1)) is amended by striking ""$26,000,000"" and all that follows through ""2002"" and inserting ""$33,610,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011"" the term 'community health center' means a health center as defined in section 330. a recipient of a grant under this subsection shall be eligible to receive such grants for a total of 5 fiscal years. a recipient of a grant under this subsection shall be eligible to receive such grants for a total of 5 fiscal years."
1649,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary is authorized to provide grants on a competitive basis. each public secondary school can employ a director to develop or improve a school safety plan. the secretary is authorized to provide grants on a competitive basis to specially designated agencies and State educational agencies.a state educational agency must submit a subgrant under this Act in such form. if a state educational agency doesn't apply for a grant under this Act in a fiscal year. a specially designated agency must submit an application in such form.the term ""director"" has the same meaning given such term in section 14101. the term ""local educational agency"" has the same meaning given such term in section 14101. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of Education. section 444(b)(1) of general education provisions Act is amended in subparagraph (I) by striking ""and"" after the semicolon. in subparagraph (J), by inserting ""and, "". and by inserting after subparagraph (J), the following."
1650,"<pad> summarize: an eligible employee shall be entitled to a total of 4 hours of leave during a 30-day period. the amount of leave taken by an eligible employee during a 12-month period shall be subtracted from the amount of leave available to the employee under paragraph (1) for such 12-month period.section 6382(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. an employee shall be entitled to a total of 4 hours of leave during a 30-day period. the amount of leave taken by an employee during a 12-month period shall be subtracted from the amount of leave available to the employee under paragraph (1) for such 12-month period. the amount of leave taken by an employee under this paragraph during a 12-"
1651,<pad> summarize: a covered entity is a political subdivision of a state. the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a national directory of veterans based on information received from a participating individual. a participating entity may not share any information collected under the program. a participating entity may not share any information collected under the program.
1652,"<pad> summarize: section 101(a) of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 USC. 1911(a)) is amended by inserting ""(1)"" after ""(a)"" an Indian tribe shall retain exclusive jurisdiction over any child custody proceeding that involves an Indian child notwithstanding any subsequent change in the residence or domicile. Section 101(c) of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 is amended. it is inserted ""Except as provided in section 103(e), in any State court proceeding"". if amended. if amended. a court of competent jurisdiction has notified the natural parents of the placement options with respect to the child involved. a court of competent jurisdiction has certifyed that the natural parents will be notified within 10 days. a court of competent jurisdiction has certifyed that the natural parents will be notified within 10 days.revocation occurs before end of 180-day period beginning on date on which the tribe of the Indian child receives written notice of the adoptive placement provided in accordance with the requirements of subsections (c) and (d) a consent to adoption or voluntary termination of parental rights is revoked. if a final decree of adoption has been revoked, the child shall be returned immediately. notice shall be sent by registered mail to the tribe of that Indian child. notice shall be provided under paragraph (1) by the applicable date specified in paragraph (2) or (3). not later than 10 days after the commencement of any adoptive proceeding. 103(d) of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 (25 USC. 1913(d) is amended to read as follows. each written notice provided under subsection (c) shall be based on a good faith investigation. list containing the name, address, date of birth, and the maiden name of each Indian parent and grandparent of the Indian child.the Indian tribe sent a notice of intent to intervene or a written objection to the adoptive placement to the court or to the party that is seeking the voluntary placement of the Indian child. an Indian tribe may not intervene in any voluntary child custody proceeding in a State court if the Indian tribe gives written notice to the State court or any party involved of the intent of the Indian tribe not to intervene.section 105(c) of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 is amended in the second sentence by striking ""Indian child or parent"" and inserting ""parent or Indian child"" and by inserting: ""in any case in which""a person, other than a birth parent of a child, may be subject to a criminal sanction. if a person falsifies, conceals, or covers up a material fact relating to a material fact described in paragraph a. a person may be fined in accordance with section 3571 of title 18 of title 18. "
1653,"<pad> summarize: Section 21D(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Assessment of fees and expenses. determination required if the court in any private action arising under this title enters a final judgment against a plaintiff on the basis of a motion to dismiss, motion for summary judgment, or a trial on the merits. the court shall, upon motion by the defendant, determine whether the position of the sworn certifications required in any private action arising under this title. each plaintiff and any attorney for such plaintiff shall provide sworn certifications, which shall be personally signed by such plaintiff and such attorney, respectively, and filed with the complaint. the court shall make a determination of whether such conflict is sufficient to disqualify the attorney from representing the plaintiff in any private action arising under this title. SELECTION OF LEAD COUNSEL. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. section 21D(a)(3)(B)(v) of the Securities Act of 1934 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""In exercising the discretion of the court over the approval of lead counsel, the court shall employ a competitive bidding process as one of the criteria in the selection and retention of counsel for the most adequate plaintiff"" report required to determine effective average hourly rate for lead counsel in securities class actions. Comptroller general of the united states shall conduct a study and review of fee awards to lead counsel in securities class actions over the five years preceding the date of enactment of this Act. report required. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. "
1654,"<pad> summarize: unified budget presents a capital budget and an operating budget. it obscures the distinctions between capital activities and operating activities. it is the purpose of this Act that the unified budget present a capital budget and an operating budget. it provides better and more relevant information on the revenues, expenses, and financing requirements.unified budget includes operating revenues, operating expenses, operating surplusdeficit. unified budget financing requirements are required to fulfill purpose of this section. unified budget is based on consolidated revenues and expenditures. unified budget financing requirements are based on consolidated revenues and expenses.section 1112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1). it is amended by inserting ""criteria, principles, and standards for determining the contents of the operating and capital budgets required under section 1105a of this title. the Comptroller General shall review and report to the Congress on the implementation of section 1105a of this title as the Comptroller General deems necessary. committee on the budget submits proposals to the house of representatives. it will establish additional deficit targets under the balanced budget and emergency deficit control Act of 1985. the legislation would require the eventual elimination of deficits in the operating account as set forth in the amendments made by this Act.legislation directing the Comptroller General to evaluate on an annual basis. value and usefulness of proposed capital investments submitted to the House of Representatives after the enactment of this Act. a report will be made on september 30, 1994. the committee on rules of the House of Representatives shall report legislation establishing rules to facilitate the enforcement of the amendments made by this Act to title 31, United States Code. a report will be made on september 30, 1994.Title VII of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. the Secretary of Transportation shall report to the House Committee on Public Works and Transportation and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, at the account and function levels, the actual, estimated, and proposed appropriations, receipts, and expenditures for capital activities and operating activities associated with public buildings. not later than 12 months after the date of enactment"
1655,"<pad> summarize: enactment by foreign firms on lands subjected to the Act of December 29, 1916. the term ""foreign firm"" means a business entity that conducts business operations in the united states. the term ""foreign firm"" is 51 percent or more owned and controlled by a foreign person or entity."
1656,"<pad> summarize:.........................nhs spokesman: ""the NBAF shall be located within a reasonable proximity to a national or regional airport. nhs spokesman: ""it's not a public building, it's not a public building"" spokesman: ""it's not a public building, it's not a public building"""
1657,"<pad> summarize: 25,000 to 32,000 women become pregnant each year as a result of rape or incest. timely access to emergency contraception could help rape survivors. the risk of pregnancy after sexual assault has been estimated to be 4.7 per cent. fda has declared emergency contraception safe and effective in preventing unintended pregnancy if taken in the first 72 hours of sex. the hospital promptly offers emergency contraception to a woman. emergency contraception does not cause an abortion and cannot interrupt an established pregnancy. the hospital promptly provides such contraception to the woman at the hospital on her request. the information provided pursuant to paragraph (1) is readily comprehensible. "
1658,"<pad> summarize: the cultural and natural legacies of an area encompassing 37 communities in Massachusetts and 8 communities in New Hampshire have made important and distinctive contributions to the national character of America. significant legacies of the area include the early settlement of the united states and the early evolution of democratic forms of government. the communities in the area know the value of the legacies but need a cooperative framework and technical assistance to achieve important goals by working together. the term ""heritage area"" means the Freedom's Way National Heritage Area established by section 4(a). management entity. The term ""management plan"" means the management plan for the Heritage Area developed under section 5. the term ""Map"" means the map entitled "", numbered and dated.the Freedom's Way National Heritage Area is established in the states of Massachusetts and New Hampshire. the Heritage Area shall consist of the land within the boundaries of the Heritage Area, as depicted on the Map. the boundaries of the Heritage Area may be revised if the revision is proposed in the management plan. management entity shall develop and submit to the Secretary for approval a management plan for the Heritage Area. if the management entity fails to submit the management plan to the Secretary in accordance with subsection (a), the Heritage Area shall no longer qualify for federal funding. if the management entity fails to submit the management plan to the Secretary in accordance with subsection (a), the Heritage Area shall no longer qualify for federal funding.the Management Entity may, for purposes of preparing and implementing the management plan, use funds made available under this Act to make grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with the States of Massachusetts and New Hampshire, a nonprofit organization, or any person, (2) hire and compensate staff. the management entity shall give priority to the implementation of actions, goals, and strategies set forth in the management plan. the management entity shall give priority to the implementation of actions, goals, and the Secretary may provide technical and financial assistance for the development and implementation of the management plan. priority for assistance. in providing assistance under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to actions that assist in conserving the significant cultural, historic, and natural resources of the Heritage Area.the management entity shall provide assistance and encouragement to state and local governments, private organizations, and persons to protect and promote the resources and values of the Heritage Area. Nothing in this Act affects the authority of the State or local governments to regulate under law any use of land. or grants any power of zoning or land use to the management entity. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $10,000,000. not more than $1,000,000 may be authorized to be appropriated for any fiscal fiscal year. the federal share of the total cost of any activity assisted under this Act shall be not more than 50 percent. authority of the Secretary to provide assistance under this Act terminates on the date that is 15 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act is based on the authority of the Secretary to provide assistance under this Act. "
1659,"<pad> summarize: a gold medal of appropriate design will be presented to a congressman. he will strike a gold medal with appropriate emblems, devices, and inscriptions. he will also strike a gold medal. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 2 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items."
1660,"<pad> summarize: federal banking agencies may not require or pressure insured depository institutions, directly or indirectly, to provide particular kinds of credit or on particular terms. each Federal banking agency shall issue a report to the Congress. the agency will also be able to provide such credit responsibly.an insured depository institution with assets of less than $10,000,000,000 may choose to amortize any loss or write-down incurred with respect to a loan secured by commercial real estate. the provisions of this section shall apply to capital calculations described under subsection (a) occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act for losses and write-downs that occurred on or after January 1, 2007 or before the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the en the appropriate Federal banking agencies shall issue regulations required under this section no later than the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. this section shall not apply to allowances for loans or lease losses where such loan or lease is classified as a ""loss"" the term ""allowance for loan and lease losses"" does not include allocated transfer risk reserves established pursuant to section 905 of the International Lending Supervision Act of"
1661,"<pad> summarize: the national park foundation is the congressionally- chartered nonprofit partner of America's National Parks. the national parks represented represent some of the most beloved and treasured National Parks in America. the national park service was established in 1916 to preserve and protect great scenic parks. $1 silver coins for National Parks Observing Historic Anniversaries of their Founding. each coin shall weigh 26.73 grams, (2) have a diameter of 1.500 inches. the coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender, as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. design for coins minted under this Act shall be developed in consultation with the National Park Foundation. the design for the coins minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary, after consultation with the Commission of Fine Arts and the National Park Foundation.only 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this Act. the Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act beginning January 1 of the year of issuance, as specified in section 4(c), except that the Secretary may initiate sales of such coins, without issuance, before such date. sale price equal to the face value, plus the cost of designing and issuing such coins. prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. prepaid orders will be accepted before the issuance of such coins.all sales of coins issued under title 31, United States Code shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin. 50 percent of the surcharges received shall be used by the National Park Foundation in support of all National Parks. 50 percent of the surcharges received shall be used by the National Park Foundation for the benefit of the National Parks designated in section 4(c) no net cost to the government unless minting and issuing coins under this Act. security satisfactory to the Secretary to indemnify the United States for full payment. or a guarantee of full payment satisfactory to the Secretary from a depository institution."
1662,"<pad> summarize: Section 195(b)(1) of such Code is amended by striking ""amortization period"" and inserting ""and organizational"" after ""start-up"" each place it appears. Section 195(b)(2) of such Code is amended by striking """"."
1663,"<pad> summarize: section 323 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 32304A the following. the term 'passenger motor vehicle' has the meaning given that term in section 32101. a final rule requires all new passenger motor vehicles weighing less than 10,000 pounds gross vehicle weight to be equipped with a system to alert the operator to check rear designated seating positions."
1664,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that mitigation planning is the foundation for saving lives, protecting residential and commercial properties, and developing disaster resistant communities. modern building codes govern all aspects of construction and are designed to ensure that single-family residential dwellings and commercial structures are protected from natural disasters.hazard evaluation and mitigation initiatives are being adopted. hazard evaluation and mitigation initiatives are being adopted. state-sponsored mitigation projects are described in section 201.5(b)(4)(iv) of title 44, Code of Federal Regulations.a state must submit a state building code for approval. the president may increase the maximum total of contributions under this section. a state building code must be approved for approval if the president determines that it's consistent with the most recent version.enactment of this section requires a comprehensive study of disaster costs and losses. appoint additional qualified members to the National Advisory Council. appoint additional qualified members to the National Advisory Council. appoint additional qualified members to the National Advisory Council.the administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall establish and conduct a pilot program to award grants to state, local, and tribal governments. goals are reducing disaster response and recovery costs to federal, state, local, and tribal governments by increasing the resilience of buildings. reducing the amount of damage and loss that occurs due to disasters and chronic flooding."
1665,"<pad> summarize: CREDIT FOR WAGES PAID TO EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN QUALIFIED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. for purposes of section 38, the apprenticeship period credit determined under this section for the taxable year is the sum of the apprenticeship period credit, and the post-apprenticeship credit. limitation on wages per year taken into account under paragraph with respect to any apprenticeship employee for each qualified training year"
1666,"<pad> summarize: Section 402 of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 is amended in subsection (h)(2)(C) by striking ""A transfer"" and inserting the following subclauses. such subclauses shall be calculated by taking into account only those beneficiaries actually enrolled in the Plan as of the date of enactment of the Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act of 2013. a transfer under this subparagraph shall be equal to section 404 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Special Rule for Certain Supplemental Benefit Plans. if contributions are paid by an employer, such contributions shall not be deductible under this section nor be made nondeductible by this section, but the deductibility thereof shall be governed solely by section 162. for purposes of this title, the trust holding the assets of a plan to which paragraph (1) applies shall"
1667,"<pad> summarize: several incidents involving missing or unaccounted-for spent nuclear fuel have occurred at civilian nuclear power reactors. the nuclear Regulatory Commission does not evaluate the compliance of civilian nuclear power reactors with the material control and accounting regulations promulgated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. the effective implementation of material control and accounting regulations by civilian nuclear power reactors is of great importance.the nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 is amended by adding after section 137 the following. the Commission shall promulgate regulations to require each civilian nuclear power reactor to provide to the Commission a report that contains a detailed record of each individual spent fuel rod and each fragment of a spent fuel rod. the Commission shall promulgate regulations to require an annual inspection of each civilian nuclear power reactor. the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 is amended by inserting after section 180 the following. the Commission shall develop a detailed manifest form for the onsite transportation of spent fuel. the Commission shall promulgate regulations to require each civilian nuclear power reactor to provide to the Commission a completed detailed manifest form developed under subsection (a)the table of contents of the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 137 the following. ""Section 138. Material control and accounting of dismantled fuel assembly,"" ""Section 140. Electronic data management and waste tracking system"""
1668,"<pad> summarize: Section 408(a) is amended by adding at the end the following: Requirement for drug testing. Denial of assistance for individuals found to have used an illegal drug. in general, a state to which a grant is made under section 403 may not use any part of the grant to provide assistance under this part unless the individual is tested for the use of the drugs listed in subparagraph (i)"
1669,"<pad> summarize: a congress finds that the willingness of volunteers to offer their services is deterred by the potential for liability actions against them. many nonprofit public and private organizations and governmental entities have been adversely affected by the withdrawal of volunteers from boards of directors and service in other capacities. the contribution of these programs to their communities is thereby diminished, resulting in fewer and higher cost programs than would be obtainable if volunteers were participating. if volunteers were participating, the this Act preempts the laws of any State to the extent that such laws are inconsistent with this Act. this Act shall not apply to any civil action in a State court against a volunteer in which all parties are citizens of the State. no volunteer of a nonprofit organization or governmental entity shall be liable if the volunteer was acting within the scope of the volunteer's responsibilities in the nonprofit organization or governmental entity at the time of the act or omission. the harm was not caused by the volunteer operating a motor vehicle, vessel, aircraft, or other vehicle for which the State requires the operator or the owner of the vehicle, craft, or vessel to possess an operator's license. defendant who is a volunteer shall be liable only for the amount of noneconomic loss allocated to that defendant in direct proportion to the percentage of responsibility of that defendant for the harm to the claimant with respect to which that defendant is liable. each defendant who is a volunteer shall be liable only for the amount of noneconomic loss allocated to that defendant in direct proportion to the percentage of responsibility of that defendant.the term ""economic loss"" means any pecuniary loss resulting from harm to the extent recovery for such loss is allowed under applicable state law. the term ""noneconomic losses"" includes physical, nonphysical, economic, and noneconomic losses resulting from harm to the extent recovery for such loss is allowed under applicable State law. this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. applies only if the harm that is the subject of the claim or the conduct that caused such harm occurred after such effective date. this Act applies only if the harm that is the subject of the claim or the conduct that caused such harm occurred after such effective date. if the harm that is the subject of the claim or the conduct that caused such harm occurred after such effective date"
1670,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT OF MAKE IT IN AMERICA BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall establish a make it in America block grant program.a grant made by the Secretary of Commerce under the program shall be used by the recipient of the grant to assist, through grants made to third parties, any of the following activities. retooling or retrofitting a small- or medium-sized manufacturer to advance the production of clean energy technology products or components, energy efficient products or components, or other advanced products. training new employees of a small- or medium-sized manufacturer including through on-the-job eric liu: an entity eligible for a grant under section 3(b) shall submit to the Secretary of Commerce an application at such time, in such manner. liu: if the Secretary does not approve a proposed manufacturing enhancement strategy. liu: if the Secretary does not approve a proposed manufacturing enhancement strategy. liu: if the Secretary does not approve a proposed manufacturing enhancement strategy. the secretary of commerce shall establish an advisory committee to advise the Secretary with respect to implementing and evaluating the program. other individuals determined appropriate for inclusion by the Secretary of labor. a committee will be formed to advise the Secretary with regard to implementing and evaluating the program. grant recipients may be ineligible to receive additional grants if the Secretary determines that the grant recipient has failed to achieve compliance with any applicable guideline or regulation of the Secretary relating to the program. or the proposed manufacturing enhancement strategy of the grant recipient. the Comptroller General shall conduct a study on the program based on grants made by the Secretary of Commerce under the program. grants made to third parties by the recipients of grants made by the Secretary under the program. outcomes relating to proposed manufacturing enhancement strategies submitted to the Secretary, (4) administrative costs relating to the program. a report describing the results of the study under subsection (a) shall include any recommendations the Comptroller General determines the term ""covered unit of local government"" means a unit of a government of a municipality with a population of at least 50,000 individuals. or a county with a population of at least 200,000 individuals. the term ""Indian tribe"" has the meaning given in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce for making grants under the program such sums as may be necessary. administrative Expenses. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for administrative expenses relating to the program such sums as may be necessary."
1671,"<pad> summarize: amendment or repeal of section or other provision of the 1950 ACT. amendment or repeal of section or other provision is considered to be made. amendment or repeal of section or other provision approved august 9, 1950. if amendment or repeal is expressed, reference shall be considered to be made.Section 2 of the 1950 Act is amended by indenting the left margin of so much of the text as preceded ""(a) by 2 ems. by inserting ""(1) the"" after the section caption. the term <unk> outreach and communications program' means a program to improve communications with anglers, boaters, and the general public regarding angling and boating. $10,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for obligation for qualified projects under section 5604(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code. $7,500,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for obligation for the national outreach and communications program under section 8(d). no funds available to the Secretary under this subsection may be used to replace funding traditionally provided through general appropriations. the purpose of this section is to provide funds to States for the development and maintenance of public facilities for transient nontrailerable recreational vessels. a state that conducts a public boat access needs survey may report its findings to the Secretary for use in the development of a comprehensive national recreational boat access needs assessment. a state that conducts a public boat access needs survey under paragraph (2) may fund the costs of conducting that assessment out of amounts allocated to it as Section 9503 of such Code is amended by striking ""1997"" and inserting ""2005"" Section 9504 of such Code is amended by striking """" in subsection (b)(2)(A) and in subsection (c)(5) and inserting ""October 1, 2005"""
1672,"<pad> summarize: the term 'greenhouse gas' means carbon dioxide, methane, hydrofluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride. the term'motor vehicle' has the meaning given the term in section 216. the Administrator shall establish a determination process for use in determining the lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions of a fuel. section 32905 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. reducing fuel economy for optimized dual fueled automobiles. reducing fuel consumption by 20 percent. reducing fuel consumption by 20 percent. "
1673,"<pad> summarize: Section 9503 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""April 1, 2012"" and inserting ""October 1, 2016"" the amendments made by this section shall take effect on April 1, 2012. if amended by this section they will take effect on April 1, 2012.Section 4482 of such Code is amended by striking ""April 1, 2012"" and inserting ""October 1, 2018"" Section 4482 of such Code is amended by striking ""any year"" and all that follows in subsection (c)(4) and inserting ""each annual period starting on October 1 which begins before October 1, 2019."" the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts received in the Treasury after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts received in the Treasury after the date of the enactment of this Act. hereby appropriated $40,000,000,000 to the Alternative Transportation Account. amounts transferred on or before the date of enactment are hereby transferred to the Highway Trust Fund for fiscal year 2012. renaming of Mass Transit Account."
1674,"<pad> summarize: 28 states currently allow universal absentee voting. voting by mail gives voters more time to consider their choices. voting by mail is preferable to many voters as an alternative to going to the polls. no evidence exists suggesting the potential for fraud in absentee balloting is greater than the potential for fraud.Subtitle A of title III of the Help America Vote Act is amended by inserting after section 303 the following new item relating to section 303A. if an individual is eligible to cast a vote in an election for Federal office, the State may not impose any additional conditions or requirements on the eligibility of the individual to cast the vote by mail. if an individual in a State is eligible to cast a vote in an election for Federal"
1675,"<pad> summarize: small communities are vital components of the nation's economic, social, agricultural, historic, and cultural fabric. a growing number of small communities are facing significant challenges that place their long-term viability at risk. a community's vision for the future is rooted in and inseparable from the landscape, including the natural and built environments. the term ""small community visioning process"" means a political subdivision of a State. the term ""design professional"" means a landscape architect licensed pursuant to state law. the term ""design professional"" means a landscape architect licensed pursuant to state law. the term ""design professional"" means a landscape architect licensed pursuant to state law."
1676,"<pad> summarize: section 223 is amended by redesignating section 222 as section 223. it is allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the sum paid during the taxable year. if an individual, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the sum paid during the taxable year for insurance which constitutes medical care for the taxpayer and the taxpayer's spouse and dependents. paragraph (1) of section 162(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: Allowance of deduction. in the case of an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)(1), there shall be allowed as a deduction under this section an amount equal to the sum of 100 percent of the amount paid during the taxable year for insurance."
1677,"<pad> summarize: defense laboratory employees may not travel to technical symposiums. secretary of defense may approve travel using standard procedures for approving travel. a defense laboratory employee may not travel to technical symposiums. a defense laboratory employee may not be allowed to travel if he determines there are sufficient amounts available. candidates for scientific and engineering positions at science and technology reinvention laboratories may appoint qualified candidates to positions described in paragraph (1) of subsection (b) as an employee in a laboratory described in that paragraph without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5 of title 5, United States Code. the term 'qualified candidate' means an individual who has earned a bachelor's or master's degree. Section 1101 of Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999. Section 9903 of title 5, United States Code. the Intergovernmental Personnel Act. Contents. the report required under subsection (a) shall contain a description, including quantitative data, of the implementation and use by each service and Defense Agency within the Department of Defense of each authority. Section 1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act is amended by striking subsections (e) and (f) technical and conforming amendments. such section is further amended by striking ""experimental"" in subsection (a) in subsection (d)(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), striking ""fiscal year"" "
1678,"<pad> summarize: section 2323(e)(3) of title 10, United States Code is amended. it is amended by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv. no suspension shall be issued in an industry category under this paragraph if the President determines that contracts for a price exceeding fair market cost are necessary to remedy demonstrated discrimination in such industry category. subparagraph (e)(2) is amended to read as follows a program participation term. a mentor-protege agreement may not exceed $1,000,000. a mentor-protege agreement may not be entered into under subsection (e) after September 30, 2004. a mentor-protege agreement may not be entered into under subsection (e)."
1679,"<pad> summarize: u.s. constitution of a Civil War Sesquicentennial Commemoration Commission aims to ensure observance is inclusive. u.s. has failed to resolve sectional issues without resorting to war.the civil war sesquicentennial commemoration commission will be established. the commission will be known as the Civil War sesquicentennial commemoration commission. the commission will be known as the civil war sesquicentennial commemoration commission. vacancies in the Commission shall not affect its powers. vacancies will be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. vacancies will not affect its powers if any member of the Commission leaves office. vacancies will not affect its powers. vacancies will be filled in the same manner as the original appointment.members appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 4(a)(2) shall call the first meeting of the Commission. Subsequent meetings will be held at the call of the chairperson and vice chairperson. a majority of voting members shall constitute a quorum.eric liu: interdisciplinary examination of the civil war is a priority. liu: interdisciplinary examination of the civil war influenced the course and outcomes of the civil war. liu: interdisciplinary examination of the civil war influenced the course and outcomes of the civil war. the national Endowment for the Humanities shall award grants under this section. grants are used for appropriate activities relating to the sesquicentennial of the civil war. consider and give priority to programs carried out by institutions of higher education, museums, nonprofit organizations, professional associations.appoint any advisory committee as the Commission considers appropriate for the purposes of this Act. authorize any voting member or employee of the Commission to take any action that the Commission is authorized to take under this Act. use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other Federal agencies.members of any advisory committee appointed under section 8(2) shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Commission. the Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to civil service laws, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as are necessary to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. if the inspector general performs an annual audit of the Commission. the results of the audit will be available to the public. inspector general of the department of the interior will make the results available to the public. AUDIT OF COMMISSION. AUDIT OF COMMISSION.there is authorized to carry out this Act $500,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016. there is authorized to be appropriated $3,500,000 to the National Endowment for the Humanities to provide grants under section 7 to remain available until expended. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $500,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2016."
1680,"<pad> summarize: each center established or designated under subsection (a) shall be co-located with the command center for each geographic region designated as a Coast Guard sector by the Commandant of the Coast Guard. each center established or designated under subsection (a) shall be co-located with the command center for each geographic region designated as a Coast Guard sector by the Commandant. if a port is associated with a command center that is not located at such port, the the secretary of homeland security submits a plan for the implementation of this Act. the report submitted under subsection (a) shall describe, for each center that will be established under section 2(a) the location of such center, (2) the entities who will participate in the center, (3) the cost to establish and operate the center. and the resources necessary to operate and maintain.the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall utilize information developed for the report required by section 807 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004. the Commandant shall utilize the information developed for the report required by section 807 in carrying out the requirements of this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each Coast Guard sector for fiscal years 2007 through 2012 to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each Coast Guard sector for fiscal years 2007 through 2012 to carry out this Act. "
1681,"<pad> summarize: the public health service Act is amended by adding the following new title. ""TITLE XXVII SMOKE-FREE ENVIRONMENT POLICY. Policy Required"" each smoke-free environment policy for a public facility shall prohibit the smoking of cigarettes, cigars, and pipes, and any other combustion of tobacco."
1682,"<pad> summarize: section 115 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 115 the following new item: ""Section 116. Exclusion of dividends and interest received by individuals"" a corporation exempted from tax under section 521. <unk> base amount' means $25,000, $32,000 in the case of a joint return. a taxpayer who is married as of the close of the taxable year does not file a joint return for such year. amounts appropriated by the preceding sentence shall be transferred from the general fund at such times."
1683,"<pad> summarize: Section 1861(s)(2)(K)(ii) is amended by striking ""clauses (i), (ii), or (iv)"" and inserting ""section 1861(s)(2)(K)(ii)"" section 1861(s)(2)(K)(ii) is amended by striking ""clauses (i), (ii), or (iv)"" and inserting ""clause (i)"""
1684,"<pad> summarize: he was the first African American elected by popular vote to the united states Senate. in 1960, he established an outstanding record of confronting and eliminating graft and corruption. he became an exceptional pioneer, beginning in 1962, when he was elected Attorney General. a gold medal of appropriate design will be awarded to Edward William Brooke III. the medal will be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. he will strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions.the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and the cost of the gold medal. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. for purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items.authority to use Fund Amounts is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited into the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. medals struck pursuant to this Act are a bronze medal. "
1685,"<pad> summarize: the term ""distribution utility"" has the meaning provided by section 3(22) of the Federal Power Act (16 USC. 796(22)). the term ""electric utility"" has the meaning provided by section 3(22) of the Federal Power Act (16 USC. 796(22) a referendum will take place between owners or operators of distribution utilities delivering fossil fuel-based electricity. voting rights are based on the quantity of fossil fuel-based electricity delivered to consumers in the previous calendar year or other representative period. the Corporation is no longer authorized to collect assessments and conduct operations pursuant to this Act unless the period is extended by an Act of Congress. the Corporation shall use all funds derived from assessments under section 5 to issue grants and contracts to private, academic, and governmental entities. grants and awards shall be made on a competitive basis reflecting best overall value and prospect for achieving the purposes of this Act. Board members shall not participate in making grants or awards to entities with whom they are affiliated. supported projects should encompass a range of different coal and other fossil fuel varieties, involve diverse storage media, and employ capture the Corporation collects an assessment on distribution utilities based on carbon dioxide emission rates. the assessments generate not less than $1.0 billion and not more than $1.1 billion annually. if the Corporation does not disburse, dedicate or assign 75 percent or more of the available proceeds of the assessed fees.the Corporation may bring an action to compel compliance with an assessment levied by the Corporation under this Act. a successful action for compliance under this section may also require payment by the defendant of the costs incurred in bringing such action.Comptroller general of the united states prepares an analysis and report to congress. the report will assess the Corporation's activities. it will reimburse the Government Accountability Office for the costs associated with performing this midcourse review. distribution utility whose transmission, delivery, or sales of electric energy are subject to any form of rate regulation shall not be denied the opportunity to recover the full amount of the costs associated with complying with this Act notwithstanding any other law, regulation, rule, administrative order, or any agreement. ratepayer rebates may be ordered.no funds collected by the Corporation shall be used in any manner influencing legislation or elections. the Corporation may recommend changes in this Act or other statutes that would further the purposes of this Act. if a change is made, the Corporation may recommend to the Secretary and the Congress changes in this Act or other statutes.DAVIS-BACON COMPLIANCE shall ensure that entities receiving grants, contracts, or other financial support from the Corporation are in conformity with this Act. DAVIS-BACON COMPLIANCE will ensure that entities receiving grants, contracts, or other financial support from the Corporation are in accordance with this Act."
1686,"<pad> summarize: Section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Special Rule for Medical, Dental, or Veterinary Officer receiving additional special pay. the monthly equivalent of any additional special pay referred to in paragraph (1) may not be treated as basic pay for purposes of computation under this section unless, before the date of the enactment of this subsection is met. a survivor annuity under chapter 73 of"
1687,"<pad> summarize: section 402(i)(2) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 is amended by striking ""Subject to"" and inserting the following: Excess amounts. In general. Subject to"" the 1974 umwa pension plan is used solely to pay pension benefits required under such plan. paragraph (2) of section 9712(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""subparagraph (A) or (B)"" in the matter following subparagraph (C) and inserting ""under subparagraph (A) or (B)"" after ""health benefits coverage"" in the second sentence. section 404 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Special Rule for Certain Supplemental Benefit Plans. if contributions are paid by an employer, such contributions shall not be deductible under this section nor be made nondeductible by this section, but the deductibility thereof shall be governed solely by section 162. for purposes of this title, the trust holding the assets of a plan to which paragraph (1) applies shall"
1688,"<pad> summarize:.........................fda has not explicitly forbidden the use of chlorine in tampon manufacturing. tampons contain synthetic fibers and the absorbency of the tampon. tampons are used by approximately 73,000,000 women in the united states today."
1689,"<pad> summarize: lands to be conveyed under this section are depicted on maps entitled ""Los Padres National Forest Land Exchange"" and dated June 1, 2005. lands to be conveyed under this section consist of approximately 340 acres located within township 5 north, range 18 west, San Bernardino base and meridian."
1690,"<pad> summarize: the government of Vietnam forbids public challenge to the legitimacy of the one-party state. the government continues to detain, imprison, place under house arrest, convict, and otherwise restrict individuals for the peaceful expression of dissenting political or religious views. despite progress in church openings and legal registration of religious venues, the government of Vietnam has halted most religious reforms. despite reported progress in church openings and legal registration the president shall impose sanctions with respect to each individual on the list required by subsection (b) the list required by subsection (c) is made available to the public and posted on the websites of the Department of the Treasury and the Department of State. the list required by paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. "
1691,"<pad> summarize: Section 354(r)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(r)(2)) is amended in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B) by striking ""1997"" and inserting ""fiscal year""section 354(d)(2)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(d)(2)(B)) is struck. it is in effect on the date of the enactment of this section. Section 354(e)(1)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(e)(1)(B)) is amended in clause (i), by striking ""practicing physicians"" each place such term appears and inserting ""review physicians"" and in clause (ii), by striking ""financial relationship"" and inserting ""relationship""section 354(f)(1)(G) of the public health service act is amended by striking clause (i) and inserting a striking clause (i) and inserting a mammogram. facility maintains the mammogram in the permanent medical records of the patient for a period of not less than 5 years if no subsequent mammograms of such patient are performed. section 354(f)(1)(G)(ii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(f)(1)(G)(ii) is amended by striking subclause (IV) and inserting the following. a summary of the written report shall be sent directly to the patient in terms easily understood by a lay person.Section 354(g)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(g)(1)(A)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ""certified"" by inserting ""the certification requirements under subsection (b) and"" after ""compliance with"" Section 354(g) of the public health service Act is amended in paragraph (1)(E) by inserting "", subject to paragraph "" before the period. the Secretary may establish a demonstration program under which inspections are conducted less frequently by the Secretary than the interval specified in subparagraph (E) of such paragraph.Section 354 of the public health service act is amended in subsections (a)(4), (g)(1), (g)(3), and (g)(4), by inserting ""or local"" after ""State"" each place such term appears. in subsection (i)(1)(D), by inserting ""or local"" after ""State""Section 354(h)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(h)(3) is amended. it's amended by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4) respectively. if the Secretary determines the quality of mammography performed by a facility was so inconsistent with the quality standards established pursuant to subsection (f) as to present a significant risk to individual or public health, the Secretary may Section 354(i)(1)(C) of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after ""Secretary"" the first place such term appears the following: ""(or of an accreditation body approved pursuant to subsection (e)""section 354(i)(2)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(i)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ""makes the finding"" and all that follows and inserting: ""has reason to believe that the circumstance of the case will support one or more of the findings described in paragraph (1)"" Section 354(q)(4)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 263b(q)(4)(B)) is amended by striking ""accredited"" and inserting ""certified"". "
1692,"<pad> summarize: a report required by section 489(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1974 is submitted each year. the report may be submitted in classified form, as appropriate. if the President makes a certification under subsection (c)(1)(A), the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees. if proceedings are initiated by a country against the united states in the world trade organization or under the North American Free Trade Agreement. the President shall invoke all applicable defenses in such proceedings, including exceptions for measures necessary to protect the national security of the United States and to protect human, animal, or plant life."
1693,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 303(a) is amended by adding at the end: Authority To Accept Volunteer Services. the cove referred to in subsection (a) is adjacent to and southeast of Point Elrington, Alaska. the cove referred to in subsection (a) is adjacent to and southeast of Point Elrington, Alaska. the cove referred to in subsection (a) is adjacent to and southeast of Point Elrington."
1694,"<pad> summarize:......................... a bioenergy consortium is led by 5 universities selected by the Secretary of Agriculture. a south-central university consortium for the region composed of the states of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. a south-central university consortium for the region composed of the states of Arkansas, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maryland, Maine, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island"
1695,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of transportation shall issue regulations that require each air carrier to provide written information upon request. an air carrier shall be required to provide to a passenger, on request, any information concerning the safety of the aircraft. a toll-free telephone line shall be established to facilitate the provision of information."
1696,<pad> summarize: snuff and chewing tobacco must be held on the date of the enactment of this Act. snuff and chewing tobacco must not be held on the date of the enactment of this Act. snuff and chewing tobacco must not be held on the date of the enactment. smokeless tobacco education and prevention trust fund is established in the Treasury of the united states. there is established a trust fund to be known as the 'Smokeless Tobacco Education and Prevention Trust Fund' 
1697,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended by adding at the end the following. each Inspector General appointed under section 3 may be authorized by the Attorney General to carry a firearm while engaged in official duties conducted under this Act or other statute, or as expressly authorized by the Attorney General. the Attorney General may authorize exercise of the powers under this subsection only upon an initial determination that the affected Office of Inspector General is significantly hampered in the performance of responsibilities established"
1698,"<pad> summarize: a state is eligible for a grant under section 207 of title 23, United States Code. a grant may be awarded under this section for a project for the relocation of a rail line. a grant may be awarded under this section for a project for the relocation of a rail line only if the benefits of the project for that period exceed the costs of the project for that period."
1699,"<pad> summarize: a carrier, or an officer or agent of the carrier, may not hire a permanent replacement for an employee described in subsection (b) during the period beginning 91 days after the date of the commencement of a dispute described in subsection (b) and ending 180 days after the date of such commencement. a carrier, or an officer or agent of the carrier, may hire a permanent replacement for an employee described in subsection (b) during the period beginning"
1700,"<pad> summarize: section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs. the term <unk> assault weapon' means any of the firearms known as Norinco, Mitchell, and Poly Technologies Avtomat Kalashnikovs. the term <unk> form 4473' means the form prescribed by the Secretary in section 178.124 of title 27, Code of Federal Regulations.section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections. paragraph (2) does not apply with respect to the transfer or possession of an assault weapon by or under the authority of, the United States or any department or agency thereof. paragraph (2) does not apply with respect to the transfer or possession of an assault weapon by or under the authority of, the United States or any department or agency thereof, or an otherwise lawful transfer or possession section 924 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c) a person who knowingly violates section 922(t shall be fined not more than $1,000, imprisoned not more than 6 months. section 922(g)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""or of a violation of section 922(t)"" before the semicolon. if the semicolon does not comply with section 922(t), it should be rewritten. study will be carried out over a period of 18 months. it will begin 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. the study will be carried out over a period of 18 months. it will determine their impact, if any, on violent and drug trafficking crime. amendments made by this Act are repealed effective as of the date that is 3 years after the effective date. the amendments are repealed. if the amendments are repealed. if they are repealed."
1701,"<pad> summarize: Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 is amended by amending subparagraph (a) of subsection (b)(1) to read as follows. in carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall construct two layers of reinforced fencing along not less than 350 miles of the southwest border where such fencing would be most practical and effective and provide for the installation of related security infrastructure to gain operational control of the southwest border.department of homeland security has full authority to investigate any criminal violation of the Controlled Substances Act or the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. if you are unsure, please contact the department of homeland security. section 924 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following. whoever smuggles or fraudulently or knowingly imports a firearm, or attempts to do so, contrary to any law or regulation of the United States shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not less than 15 years if the merchandise, article, or object is a firearm. section 241(i) is amended by adding at the end the following. a State shall not be eligible to enter into a contractual arrangement under paragraph (1). if the State has in effect any law, policy, or procedure in contravention.section 235(b)(1)(A) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by striking clauses (i) through (iii) and inserting: In general. if an immigration officer determines that an alien (other than an alien described in subparagraph (F) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(C) or 212(a)(7), the officer shall order the alien removed without further hearing or Section 238 of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by amending the section heading to read as follows. in subsection (a), by amending the subsection heading to read as follows. the secretary may, in the case of an alien described in paragraph (2), determine the deportability of such alien and issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection or section 240. an alien is described in this paragraph if the alien, whether e-verify program established as the basic pilot program by section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 is amended by adding before the period at the end of the last sentence the following. e-verify program is established as the basic pilot program established as the basic pilot program by section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996. "
1702,"<pad> summarize: section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting at the end the following new subsection: Qualified Participant Loan Protection Arrangement. the term <unk> qualified participant loan protection arrangement' means an arrangement under which a participant or beneficiary who receives any amount as a loan from an eligible retirement plan described in clause (iii), (iv), or of section 402(c)(8)(B) has the option to obtain protection against"
1703,"<pad> summarize: methamphetamine is a leading drug threat to the u.s. the prevalence of identity theft is rising in many areas. methamphetamine laboratories pose a dangerous threat in terms of toxicity, severe environmental and property damage, violence, and public safety.grants under this section may be made to states, units of local government, or private nonprofit organizations aimed at teenagers. a grant made under this section shall not be in an amount more than $2,000,000 per fiscal year. a grant made under this section shall be for a period of 1 year. a grant made under this section may be used for producing and developing television, radio, Internet, and print advertisements and educational materials."
1704,"<pad> summarize: general notice of the proposed issuance of any antitrust guideline shall be published in the Federal Register unless the persons subject thereto are named and either personally served or otherwise have actual notice thereof in accordance with law. subsection (a) shall not apply to any antitrust guideline relating only to agency organization or personnel, to any antitrust guideline. antitrUST GUIDELINE incorporated in antitrust guideline a concise general statement of basis and purpose. the required publication or service of an antitrust guideline shall be made not less than sixty days before its effective date. the agency shall maintain a file of proceeding relating to the issuance of an antitrust guideline. such file shall include the notice of the proposed issuance of such guideline. such file shall include copies of, or identification of, all studies and documentary material upon which the agency substantially relied in formulating the proposed or final guideline.ANTITRUST GUIDELINES deemed to be an antitrust guideline. any amendment made or proposed to be made by the agency to an existing antitrust guideline shall be deemed to be an antitrust guideline. the term ""antitrust guideline"" has the meaning given it in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act (15 USC. 12(a)) of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 relating to unfair methods of competition. the term ""person"" has the meaning given it in section 551(a) of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5."
1705,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (1) of section 1720D(a) of title 38, United States Code is amended. ""cyber harassment of a sexual nature,"" after ""battery of a sexual nature,"" is amended by striking ""on active duty"" and inserting ""that was suffered by the member while serving on active duty""section 1154 of title 38 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. the term <unk> covered mental health condition' means post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, depression, or other mental health diagnosis. if a claim is received for a post-traumatic stress disorder based on an assault, battery, or harassment.the Secretary of defense informs members of the Armed Forces of the eligibility of such members for services at Vet Centers. ""military sexual trauma"" means psychological trauma described in section 1720D(a)(1) of title 38, United States Code. ""Vet center"" has the meaning given that term in section 1712A(h)"
1706,"<pad> summarize: despite dire conditions of the world's marine resources, some of the countries that engage in the most fishing continue to provide significant subsidies to their fishing fleets. many long-range foreign fleets are supported by government subsidies for fuel, other operational expenses, and vessel construction that allow their fleets to fish longer, at greater distances, and more intensively.u.s. will seek a trade agreement to eliminate fisheries subsidies. it will be a principal negotiating objective of the united states in negotiations for a trade agreement. it will be a principal negotiating objective in negotiations for a trade agreement. a trade agreement will be negotiated to ensure any commitments with respect to such subsidies are enforceable under appropriate trade laws. this Act takes effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. it applies to negotiations for a trade agreement that include any negotiations relating to the elimination or reduction of government fisheries subsidies. or before such date of enactment if the negotiations continue on or after such date of enactment. "
1707,"<pad> summarize: Section 1861(s)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395x(s)(2) is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of subparagraph. if a nonparticipating physician or supplier imposes a charge in violation of subparagraph (a) subsection, the Secretary may revise from time to time the frequency with which such services may be paid. Section 1701(9) of title 38, United States Code is amended by inserting after section 1724 a new section as follows. section 1725 includes appropriate prostate cancer screening, counseling, treatment, and information. section 1725 is amended by inserting after section 1724 a new item. Section 417B(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 286a-8(c)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ""$72,000,000"" and all that follows and insert: ""$72,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, $86,000,000 for fiscal year 1995, $100,000,000 for fiscal year 1996"""
1708,"<pad> summarize:.........................technical school training subsidy pilot program is set to be launched in january 2015. a subsidy may be provided to an unemployed individual enrolled at a technical school. a one-stop operator or one-stop partner, as appropriate, shall provide the subsidy."
1709,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that since September 11, 2001, the United States has been engaged in a war different from any other in the history of our Nation. the deaths by airplane at the World Trade Center, at the Pentagon, and in rural Pennsylvania represent an escalation of direct terrorist attacks on civilians. john avlon: despite the unprecedented nature of the attacks against the United States of america and the need to properly demonstrate the support of the country for the the president is authorized, on behalf of Congress, to award to the personal representative or next of kin of each individual referred to in subsection (c), a medal of appropriate design, such medal to be known as the ""Fallen Heroes of 9 11 Congressional Medal"" for purposes of the presentations referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall strike 3 medals, of such content and with such suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions the Secretary shall strike duplicates of the medals struck pursuant to section 3. each person referred to in subsection (b) was assigned on September 11, 2001. referred to in this subsection are officers, emergency workers, and other employees of state and local government agencies.the Secretary shall establish a list of the names of individuals eligible to receive a medal under section 3(c)(1), during the period beginning on September 11, 2001, and ending on the date of enactment of this Act. if any individual becomes eligible for a medal under section 3(c)(1) or any other recipient becomes eligible for a duplicate medal under section 4 the Secretary shall promptly add the name of that individual or recipient to the appropriate list established pursu the Secretary may strike and sell copies of medals struck under this Act. he may strike and sell duplicates of medals struck under this Act. he may cover labor, materials, dies, use of machinery and overhead expenses. medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31. the medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31."
1710,"<pad> summarize: incarceration rate has continuously increased since the 1980s. incarceration rate has increased since the 1980s. incarceration rate has increased since the 1980s. u.s. government spent $35,400,000,000 on criminal justice in 2005.ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION is established. there is established a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission to study the culture and Glorification of violence in America. the commission will study the culture and Glorification of violence in America. glorification of violence in u.s. examines relationship between psychological factors and increased violence. glorification of violence in u.s. based on glorification of violence in the united states.a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a quorum for conducting the business of the Commission, but a lesser number may hold hearings. the members shall elect one member to act as the Chairperson of the Commission. staff may appoint and fix the pay of the Commission personnel as the Chairperson deems appropriate. the staff shall be appointed subject to the provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. the head of any Federal department or agency may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any of the personnel of the department or agency.POWERS OF COMMISSION. Hearings and Sessions. the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate to carry out this Act.report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations. report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Commission. the report will contain a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION shall terminate 30 days after submission. the Commission shall terminate 30 days after submitting the report required by section 7... the report required by section 7 shall be subjected.spending authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c) shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts. appropriations authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c) shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts."
1711,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Katrina Survivor"" means an individual who is described in subparagraph or (C) a resident of disaster localities has a residence in a parish in the state of Louisiana. if a State determines that the applicant is not a Katrina survivor, the state may seek recovery. the state may provide temporary medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act. federal matching rate is 100 percent. if the Federal medical assistance percentage is less than the federal medical assistance percentage determined for the State for fiscal year 2005. the term ""state that experiences a significant influx of Katrina Survivors"" means those states, including Arkansas, Florida, Oklahoma, and Texas, that the Secretary of health and human services identifies as having a significant in-migration of Katrina Survivors. in the case of a Katrina Survivor there shall not be taken into account any month any part of which is within the disaster relief period or within the 2-month period following the end of such disaster relief period. the initial enrollment period under section 1860D-1(b)(2) shall in no case end before May 15, 2007. for purposes of carrying out section 1860D-14 of the Social Security Act. "
1712,"<pad> summarize: law enforcement officers killed in line of duty would significantly decrease if every law enforcement officer had access to bullet-resistant equipment. fbi estimates the risk of fatality to law enforcement officers while not wearing bullet-resistant equipment is 14 times higher than for officers wearing an armor vest. a grant under this subpart may not exceed 50 percent. a qualifying State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may not receive more than 20 percent of the total amount appropriated in each fiscal year for grants under this subpart. a unit of local government may not receive more than 20 percent of the total amount appropriated in each fiscal year for grants under this subpart. a unit of local government may not receive more than 20 percent of the total SENSE OF CONGRESS is urging entities receiving the assistance to purchase only American-made equipment and products. the assistance should be provided using funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act. if the assistance is not provided, it should purchase only american-made equipment and products.bullet-resistant technology development is authorized to conduct research and otherwise work to develop bullet-resistant technologies for use in police equipment. the Institute is authorized to conduct research and otherwise work to develop bullet-resistant technologies for use in police equipment. the institute is authorized to carry out this subsection $3,000,000 for fiscal years 2002 through 2004."
1713,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: 78,500 farms in the state have invested in agriculture. avlon: educating young people in the state is an investment that would pay off in future benefits. avlon: educating young people in the state is an investment that would pay off in future benefits. avlon: if the State is going to keep the agriculture industry strong and vibrant. grants to the entity known as ""Ag Science Center, Inc."" are authorized. grants to pay not more than a total of 33 percent of the total costs of establishing a National Ag Science Center. grants are authorized to remain available until expended. "
1714,"<pad> summarize: Section 318 of the Federal Power Act is amended by inserting ""(a) after ""Section 318"". the Commission shall have the authority to disallow recovery in jurisdictional rates of costs incurred by a public utility pursuant to a transaction authorized under section 13(b) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935. there shall be a rebuttable presumption that such costs are just, reasonable, and not und"
1715,"<pad> summarize: Section 4(n) (25 USC. 1603(n) is amended by inserting ""allopathic medicine,"" before ""family medicine"" and inserting ""1996 through 2000"" iii) by striking ""subject to subparagraph (A) and inserting "", or"" at the end of clause (iii) and by inserting "", or"" at the end of clause (iii) and by inserting "", or"""
1716,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ Establishment of schedule and promulgation of regulation...................modification of de novo application process. de novo application process. de novo application process reopens. de novo application process is redesigned. de novo application process is redesigned. Congress amended section 515 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. it requires the Food and Drug Administration to reclassify preamendment class III devices to a lower class. the de novo process avoids having novel, low- to moderate-risk devices go through the premarket approval process. a 2011 institute of medicine report found that review times for novel therapeutic devices through the de novo process nearly tripled between 2005 and 2009. the secretary of health and human services shall establish the schedule referred to in section 515(i)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 USC. 360e(i)(3). a determination under section 515(i)(2) of such Act is required.Section 513(f)(2) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended. the person submitting the request for classification may recommend to the Secretary a classification. if the person declares there is a legally marketed device. "
1717,<pad> summarize:......................... a nursing facility voluntarily withdraws from participation in a state plan. the facility may transfer or discharge a resident from the facility. the facility may transfer or discharge the resident at such time as the resident is unable to pay the charges.
1718,<pad> summarize: a mortgagor shall be a first-time homebuyer. he shall provide a written agreement to the mortgagor. the mortgagor shall be delinquent with respect to payments due under the mortgage. the mortgagor shall not incur any liability or penalties if the mortgagor fails.
1719,"<pad> summarize: a section or other provision of title I of this Act may be amended or repealed. a section or other provision of title I of this Act may be amended or repealed. a section or other provision of title I of this Act may be amended or repealed.Section 101(a) (16 USC. 670a(a)) is amended by striking ""cooperative plan"" and inserting ""integrated natural resource management plans"" section 101(b) (16 USC. 670a(b)) is further amended in section 101(b) (16 USC. 670a(b)) in the matter preceding paragraph (1). section 106(a) (16 USC. 670a(b)) is the secretary of each military department shall, by not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, review each military installation in the united states that is under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to determine the military installations for which the preparation of an integrated natural resource management plan is not appropriate. a report will include a list of those military installations reviewed under paragraph (1) for which the Secretary of Defense determines the preparation of an integrated natural resource management plan is not the secretary of the defense shall review the extent to which integrated natural resource management plans were prepared or implemented in accordance with this Act in the preceding year. each report shall include the number of integrated natural resource management plans in effect in the year covered by the report, including the date on which each plan was issued in final form or most recently revised. each report shall include the number of integrated natural resource management plans in effect in the year covered by the report. section 106 is amended by redesignating section 106 as section 110. 105 inserts after section 105 the following: ""Section 106. FEDERAL ENFORCEMENT OF OTHER LAWS"". title I is amended by inserting after section 106 the following. ""section 107. NATURAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT SERVICES"" is amended by adding after section 106 the following. ""the Secretary of each military department shall ensure that sufficient numbers of professionally trained natural resource management personnel and natural resource law enforcement personnel are available""deFINITIONS is amended by inserting after section 107 the following. the term'military department' means the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force. includes all public lands withdrawn from all forms of appropriation under public land laws.Title I is amended by inserting after section 108 the following: ""Section 109. SHORT TITLE"" title may be cited as the <unk> Sikes Act'....Section 103a(b) (16 USC. 670c-1(b)) is amended by striking ""matching basis"" each place it appears and inserting ""cost-sharing basis"" accounting. section 103a(c) (16 USC. 670c-1(c)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: "", and shall not be subject to section 1535 of that title"" Section 2 of the Act of October 27, 1986 is repealed. section 2 of the Act of October 27, 1986 is repealed........ section 2 of the Act of October 27, 1986 is repealed. Title I is further amended by striking ""military reservations"" and inserting ""military installations"" in section 101(a) (16 USC. 670a(a)) by striking ""the reservation"" and inserting ""military installations"" in section 101(b)(4) (16 USC. 670a(b)(4)) in subparagraph (A) by striking ""the reservation"" Subsections (b) and (c) of section 110 are each amended by striking ""1983"" and all that follows through ""1993,"" and inserting ""1994, 1995, 1996, and 1997,"". passes the House of Representatives September 12, 1994. "
1720,"<pad> summarize: ADDITIONAL FUNDS. in general. out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is appropriated an additional $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2000. the amount appropriated under this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure only if, and to extent that, the Secretary of Commerce first submits to Congress a written determination that those funds are necessary to obtain an accurate and timely 2000 decennial census.the term ""temporary"" is used in the same way as described in section 24(b) of title 13, United States Code. the terms ""uniformed services"" and ""Secretary concerned"" have the meanings given those terms by section 101 of title 37, United States Code. the term ""voluntary separation incentive payment"" includes such a payment, whether offered on a Governmentwide basis or otherwise."
1721,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds that event data recorders are installed in their vehicles. consumers have the right to know that event data recorders are installed in their vehicles. most consumers are not aware that their vehicles are recording data that may be used against them in a civil or criminal proceeding. DISCLOSURE OF EVENT DATA RECORDERS ON MOTORCYCLES. Section 3 of the Automobile Information Disclosure Act is amended in subsection (g)(4)(B) by striking "", and"" and inserting a semicolon. ""(2) the type of information recorded by the event data recorder and how such information is recorded,"" section 2 of such Act says. section 301 of title 49, United States Code is amended by adding ""30129,"" after ""30127"" event data recorders ""no person may manufacture for sale, sell, offer for sale, introduce or deliver into interstate commerce,"" unless such event data recorder includes a function whereby the consumer can control the recording of information by the event data recorder"" OWNERSHIP AND UNLAWFUL RETRIEVAL OF EVENT DATA RECORDER DATA shall be considered the property of the owner of the automobile or motorcycle. it shall be unlawful for any person other than the owner of the automobile or motorcycle to download or otherwise retrieve data that is recorded on any event data recorder. the term ""consumer"" has the meaning given in section 2 of the Automobile Information Disclosure Act. the term ""consumer"" has the meaning given that term in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. the term ""event data recorder"" means any device or means of technology installed in an automobile. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. "
1722,"<pad> summarize: u.s.-ukraine relations established in 1992 following independence from the Soviet Union. hackers targeted Ukraine's voting infrastructure just days before 2014 presidential election. the united states sent an interagency team to help with the investigation. the visit was followed up by an interagency delegation to Ukraine. it is the policy of the united states to reaffirm the Charter on strategic partnership. it outlines enhanced cooperation in the areas of defense, security, economics and trade, energy security, democracy, and cultural exchanges. reaffirm the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on security Assurances. the secretary of state should take the following actions. assist Ukraine to build its capacity, expand cybersecurity information sharing. assist Ukraine to build its capacity and cooperate on international cyberspace efforts. senate committee on foreign affairs of the House of Representatives and the committee on foreign relations of the Senate. "
1723,"<pad> summarize: a state has in effect the following policies. if the state meets the requirements of section 1930A, it is unlawful for an individual to intentionally administer medical imaging procedures or radiation therapy procedures unless the individual is licensed as a doctor of medicine, osteopathy, dentistry, podiatry, or chiropractic. if the individual is licensed as a doctor of medicine, osteopathy, dentistry, podiatry, or chiropractic. condition applies on and after the first day of the first calendar quarter that begins after the close of the relevant session of the State legislature. if the Secretary promulgates the final rule, the condition applies to the States involved on and after the first calendar quarter that begins after the close of the relevant session of the State legislature."
1724,"<pad> summarize: grants awarded to a State under this Act shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. grants awarded to a State under this Act shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. grants awarded to a State under this Act shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. the school must be a public elementary school with a consistent record of poor performance by failing to meet minimum academic standards as determined by the State. more than 50 percent of the children attending are eligible for free or reduced price lunches under the national school lunch Act.each state in which the Governor has designated 1 or more schools as academic emergency schools shall submit an application to the Secretary that includes: Assurances. Assurances that the State shall use the funds provided under this Act to supplement, not supplant, State and local funds that would otherwise be available for the purposes of this Act. provide written notification to the parents of every child eligible to receive academic emergency relief funds under this Act.AWARDS TO ACADEMIC EMERGENCY SCHOOLS. Subgrant Awards. In general. from amounts made available under this Act to a State based on the number of eligible students attending academic emergency school. the funds made available to an academic emergency school pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(B) shall be used exclusively to reduce class size. if the amount of funds made available to a State under this Act is insufficient a state that submits an application to the Secretary under section 4 shall publish the qualifications necessary for a school to participate as a qualified school under this Act. at a minimum, each such school shall provide assurances to the State that it will comply with section 10. certify to the State that the amount charged to a parent using academic relief funds does not exceed the amount for such tuition and fees whose child attends the qualified school. academic emergency relief funds may be used to pay costs of tuition and fees. not school aid. a parent who receives academic emergency relief funds from a State under this Act may use such funds to pay the costs of tuition and mandatory fees for a program of instruction at a qualified school. the Comptroller General of the united states shall enter into a contract. the evaluating agency must annually evaluate the education alternative program established under this Act. the contract described in paragraph (1) shall require the evaluating agency entering into such contract to transmit the findings of each annual evaluation under paragraph (2). a description of the effects of the programs on the level of student participation and parental satisfaction with the education alternatives provided pursuant to this Act compared to the educational achievement of the Comptroller General submits an interim report to Congress. the report will contain a copy of the annual evaluation under section 8(a)(2) of education alternative program established under this Act. the report shall contain a copy of the annual evaluation under section 8(a)(2) of education alternative program established under this Act. the report shall contain a copy of the annual evaluation under section 8(a)(2) of education alternative program established under this Act. a qualified school under this Act shall not discriminate on the basis of sex. subsection (a) shall not apply to a qualified school controlled by a religious organization if the application of subsection (a) is inconsistent with the religious tenets of the qualified school.RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent a qualified school from employing, admitting, or giving preference to persons of the same religion to the extent determined by such school to promote the religious purpose for which the qualified school is established or maintained. a qualified school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to a religious organization is prohibited from employing, admitting, or giving preference CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES Act does not affect the rights of students or the obligations of public schools of a state. the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act does not affect the rights of students.term ""eligible student"" means a student enrolled in an academic emergency school. the term ""eligible student"" means a student enrolled in an academic emergency school. the term ""eligible student"" means a student enrolled in an academic emergency school. the term ""secretary"" means the secretary of education.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2000. the amount authorized to be appropriated may not exceed $200,000,000 for any fiscal year. the amount authorized to be appropriated may not exceed $200,000,000."
1725,"<pad> summarize: the director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report relating to electromagnetic pulse weapons. the term ""delivery system"" means any means for placing an EMP weapon in a location where the explosion will have an intended damaging impact on electrical power systems, electronics, information systems. the term ""platform"" means any system capable of serving as the launch point of an EMP weapon delivery system. the term ""platform"" means any system capable"
1726,<pad> summarize: CREDIT FOR CERTAIN ENERGY EFFICIENT PROPERTY IN RESIDENCES AND BUSINESSES. there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount paid or incurred by the taxpayer for qualified energy property placed in service or installed by the taxpayer during such taxable year. the term 'building envelope component' shall have the same meaning
1727,"<pad> summarize: the individual right to keep and bear arms protected by the Second Amendment to the Constitution includes the right to acquire firearms and ammunition without undue burdens. a local taxation suppresses lawful interstate commerce that is vital to a robust Second Amendment to the Constitution. a disproportionately affects those in low income communities whose need for self-defense may be especially acute. no state or local government may impose a tax on sale of firearms that have moved in or that otherwise affect interstate commerce. no state or local government may impose a tax on the sale of firearms that have moved in or that otherwise affects interstate commerce.no State or local government may impose a tax payable to conduct background checks incident. if the respective State or local government does not have in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act a tax imposed to conduct background checks incident.the term ""ammunition"" has the meaning given in section 921 of title 18 of the United States Code. ""background check"" means an inquiry into a person's criminal, mental health, or other personal history as a prerequisite to the transfer or acquisition of a firearm. the term ""sale"" means transfer, sell, trade, or give for value or otherwise. if any provision of this Act, or the application of such provision to any person, entity, or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remaining provisions of this Act and the application of such provisions to any person, entity, or circumstance shall not be affected thereby.APPLICATION OF ACT. Effective date unless provided in subsection (b), this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. this Act shall not apply with respect to any liability for taxes accrued and enforced before the date of enactment of this Act. "
1728,"<pad> summarize: Section 223(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence. any individual who is deemed to be totally disabled by reason of unemployability for purposes of benefits under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, is expected by such Secretary to have such disability for not less than a year. the secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly certify to the Commissioner such Secretary's determination that such individual has ceased to be so disabled. section 1614(a)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. section 223(d)(7) shall apply in the same manner as they apply. if you have a disability under title II, you may be able to make a determination.Section 223(d)(5) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph. the medical findings of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs are conclusive evidence of disability. if an individual continues to be under a disability or is under a service-connected disability. subchapter VI of chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""1164. Treatment of certain veterans as totally disabled by reason of individual unemployability"" the requirement in subsection (a) shall not be construed to establish a service-connection or presumption of service-connection with respect to any disability of a veteran.the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to determinations of disability in connection with applications for benefits or periods of disability filed or pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments shall apply with respect to determinations of disability in connection with applications for benefits or periods of disability filed or pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act."
1729,"<pad> summarize: the Commission shall monitor the actions of signatories to documents of the United Nations Conference on Environment and development. the documents reflect compliance with or violation of the goals of the Articles of Agenda 21 of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development. the Commission shall monitor and encourage the development of programs and activities by the United States Government and private organization. the commission shall be composed of 11 members as follows. four members of the Senate appointed by the president of the Senate. two members shall be selected from the majority party and two shall be selected, after consultation with the minority leader of the Senate, from the minority party. report to the Commission. report to the House of Representatives and the Senate on a periodic basis. the Commission shall report to the House of Representatives and the Senate on a periodic basis with respect to the matters described in section 2(a) oaths may be issued over the signature of the Chair of the Commission. subpoenas may be issued over the signature of the Chair of the Commission. oaths may be issued over the signature of the Chair of the Commission.commission may employ individuals for its staff. they shall be considered congressional employees. they may be considered congressional employees. comm. spokesman says that he is'very happy' with the decision. to carry out this Act, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Commission for each fiscal year such sums as may be necessary, which are authorized to remain available until expended. if deemed appropriated to the Commission, there will be a maximum amount available for each fiscal year."
1730,<pad> summarize: nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nba's nb
1731,"<pad> summarize: the infectious Disease Research and Clinical Units of Excellence will be established jointly by the national Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the National Institutes of Health and the National Center for Infectious Diseases of the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. the units will be dedicated to finding the cause, prevention and cure of chronic inflammatory diseases of suspected infectious etiology. there are authorized to be appropriated $25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1996 through 2006. at the end of this 10 year period, the effectiveness of this research approach will be evaluated and the need for future funding, if any, will be determined."
1732,<pad> summarize: tITLE I ESTABLISHMENT OF MINIDOKA NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE Section 201. Exception. Paragraph (a) shall not apply to damages arising out of an act of negligence committed by the United States before the date of enactment.
1733,<pad> summarize: geriatric fellowship programs are approved by a state based on a grant. geriatric fellowship programs are funded through a grant based on e-mail and registries. geriatric fellowship programs are funded through a grant.part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section. gross income does not include compensation received by a physician (as defined in section 1861 from a local government (as defined in section 1393(a)(5)) for qualified medical service.
1734,"<pad> summarize: section 235(b)(1)(A) of the immigration and nationality act is amended by striking clauses (i) through (iii) and inserting the following: In general. if an immigration officer determines that an alien (other than an alien described in subparagraph (F)) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(C) or 212(a)(7), the officer shall order the alien removed from law enforcement personnel of a State or a political subdivision of a State have the inherent authority to apprehend, arrest, detain, or transfer to federal custody aliens in the united states. this State authority has never been displaced or preempted by Congress.if a state or local law enforcement agency incarcerates the illegal alien. a federal, state, or local prison or prison or detention facility within each State is the central facility for that State to transfer custody of the criminal or illegal alien. a federal, state, or local prison or prison or a private contracted prison or detention facility within each State as the central facility for that State to transfer custody of the criminal or illegal alien. a a record of each admission for every alien arriving in the united states is collected and maintained. a record of each admission for every alien arriving in the united states is collected and maintained. a record of each admission for every alien arriving in the united states is collected and maintained."
1735,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 225(c)(3)(A) of such Act (42 USC. 425(c)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ""eligible for benefits"" and inserting ""paragraph (3)(A)"" Section 225(c)(3)(A) of such Act (42 USC. 425(c)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ""((b)"" and inserting ""paragraph (5)"""
1736,"<pad> summarize: CERTIFICATION OF COMMITMENT TO YUCCA MOUNTAIN is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subtitle E of title I. if the President revokes the certification of the President in accordance with subsection (b), or the date of revocation, as appropriate, each entity that has made a payment under section 302 shall not be required to make any additional payment. if the Secretary fails to"
1737,"<pad> summarize: part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end a new subpart. ""Subpart H Nonrefundable Credit for Holders of Qualified Highway Bonds "" is amended by adding at the end. amount of credit is 25 per cent of the annual credit determined with respect to such bond. a similar rule applies when the bond is redeemed based on the portion of the 3-month period during which the bond is outstanding. a similar rule will apply when the bond is redeemed based on the portion of the 3-month period during which the bond is outstanding."
1738,"<pad> summarize: Section 842 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""person who violates any of subsections"" and inserting "", and"" at the end. it shall be unlawful for any person to teach or demonstrate the making or use of an explosive, a destructive device, or a weapon of mass destruction. it shall be unlawful for any person to teach or demonstrate the making or use of an explosive, a destructive device, or SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS OF MENOMINEE INDIAN TRIBE OF WISCONSIN. the secretary of the Treasury shall pay $32,052,547 to the Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin. the amount referred to in subsection (a) shall be in full satisfaction of any claims referred to. "
1739,"<pad> summarize:......................... section 168(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""January 1, 2016"" and inserting ""January 1, 2017"" the heading for clause (ii) of section 460(c)(6)(B) is amended by striking ""january 1, 2015"" and inserting ""january 1, 2017"""
1740,"<pad> summarize: a final agreement between the united states and Iraq by July 31, 2008 aims to conclude a final agreement between the United States and Iraq. the Declaration envisions commitments that directly affect the national security of the United States. it fails to make clear that the United States will not seek and will not maintain permanent military bases in Iraq. the declaration fails to specify the future mission profile of United States forces in Iraq. sen. martin o'brien: a report containing justification for denying Congressional Role in Concluding agreement is required. o'brien: any bilateral agreement involving ""commitments or risks affecting the nation as a whole does not have the force of law. he asks: is it possible to carry out any bilateral agreement between the united states and Iraq? o'brien:"
1741,"<pad> summarize: foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the united states is authorized to receive and determine the validity and amounts of any claims referred to it by the Secretary of State. the Commission shall apply, in the following order relevant decisions of the United Nations Security Council and the UNCC. in deciding such claims, the Commission shall apply applicable substantive law, including international law.the Secretary of the Treasury is further authorized to establish in the Treasury of the United States a fund for payment of claims under section 2(a) the Secretary of the Treasury shall cover into the Iraq Claims Fund such amounts as are allocated by the President from assets of the Government of Iraq liquidated pursuant to subsection (d) the funds established pursuant to sections 3(a) and 3(b) shall bear interest at rates determined by the Secretary of the Treasury taking into consideration the secretary of the Treasury deducts an amount equal to 112 per centum from any amount covered into the claims funds established under section 3. amounts the Secretary of State receives from the UNCC are not covered into a claims fund established under section 3. the secretary of the Treasury shall advance for credit or reimburse a department, agency, or instrumentality of the Federal Government for their respective expenses in administering the Iraq claims program and this Act.the secretary of the Treasury shall certify each award made pursuant to section 2(d) payment of a further $90,000 of the principal of the awards that have priority under section 2(d) the secretary of the Treasury shall make payment in the following order of priority out of the appropriate fund provided for in section 3 payment. records pertaining to claims authorized by this Act may not be disclosed to the general public. decisions of the UNCC and filings on its own behalf shall be made available to the public unless the Secretary of State determines that public disclosure would be prejudicial to the interests of the United States or United States claimants. if the Secretary of State determines that public disclosure would be prejudicial to the interests of the United States or United States claimants. if any provision of this Act or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act or the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected. the remainder of the Act or the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected. if any provision of this Act or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act or the application of such provision to other nine years after the Secretary of the Treasury last covers funds into the UNCC Claims Fund or the Iraq Claims Fund established under section 3 of this Act. the Secretary of the Treasury shall publish a notice detailing this statute of limitations and identifying the claim numbers and awardee names of unpaid certified claims. any demand or claim for payment on account of an award certified under the Iraq claims program shall be barred one year after the publication date. "
1742,"<pad> summarize: concussions are mild traumatic brain injuries. many MTBIs go undiagnosed. a repeat concussion occurs before the brain recovers from a previous concussion. recurrent concussions and second impact syndrome are highly preventable. many states have adopted concussion management rules and regulations. a final report on best practices for diagnosis, treatment, and management of MTBIs in school-aged children is issued. a final report will address best practices for diagnosis, treatment, and management of MTBIs in school-aged children. a state must submit an application to the Secretary at such time."
1743,"<pad> summarize: a tribal retail enterprise shall remit covered State taxes collected pursuant to subsection (a) on a monthly basis, by the 15th day following the month in which the taxes were collected. if such agreement does not exist, then the amount of covered State taxes remitted to the Secretary pursuant to such agreement shall in no event be more than the amount provided for. if such agreement does not exist, then the Secretary shall consult with a State making a State or an Indian tribe may petition the Secretary to mediate disputes between a State and an Indian tribe. within 60 days of receiving a petition under subsection (a), the Secretary shall either convene a mediation of the State and the Indian tribe to resolve the dispute or consult with the Service and establish a mediation between the Indian tribe and the State for the purposes of determining such amount. the Service shall report its conclusions regarding the dispute contained in a if a tribal retail enterprise fails to comply within 60 days, the Secretary shall notify the tribal retail enterprise of this violation and demand immediate compliance with the determination. if a tribal retail enterprise is not in compliance with section 4 within 30 days of the notification under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refer the matter within 15 days to the Department of Justice. civil action includes requests for injunctive relief against the tribal retail enterprise."
1744,"<pad> summarize: Section 117(c) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end: Accounts, including subaccounts, providing funds for information technology. the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2014, and shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning on or after that date. secretary of Veterans Affairs includes education and training of marriage and family therapists and licensed professional mental health counselors. funding is apportioned equally among the professions included in the program. the secretary will apportion funding for the education and training program equally among the professions included.Subsection (e) of section 304 is amended by striking ""Peer Outreach and Peer Support Services"" and inserting ""Services"" and adding at the end the following new paragraph: ""the mental health services required by subsection (2) at or through Department medical centers"" telemedicine services for veterans may be impediments to the Department of Veterans Affairs. statutes or regulatory restrictions may be enacted. teleconsultation is required to provide remote mental health and traumatic brain injury assessments."
1745,"<pad> summarize: Special Envoy should be a person of recognized distinction in the field of human rights and religious freedom. appointment is required to promote religious freedom of religious minorities. the person appointed as Special Envoy may not hold any other position of Federal employment for the period of time during which the person holds the position. the Special Envoy shall carry out the duties under subsection (a) to promote the right of religious freedom of religious minorities in the countries of the Near East and the countries of South Central Asia. he shall denounce the violation of such right and recommend appropriate responses by the United States Government when such right is violated.the special Envoy is authorized to represent the united states in matters and cases relevant to religious freedom in the countries of the Near East and the countries of South Central Asia. he is authorized to represent the united states in matters and cases relevant to religious freedom in the countries of the Near East and the countries of South Central Asia.the Special Envoy gives priority to programs, projects, and activities for Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. consult with nongovernmental organizations and multilateral organizations and institutions. the Special Envoy considers appropriate to fulfill the purposes of this Act. $1,000,000 is authorized to be appropriated for each such fiscal year to carry out the provisions of this Act. no additional funds are authorized to be appropriated. the Secretary of State shall eliminate such positions within the Department of State unless otherwise authorized or required by law. this Act shall cease to be effective beginning on October 1, 2018. passed the house of representatives September 18, 2013. KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the house of reps., said he was a spokesman."
1746,"<pad> summarize: u.n. resolution 1373 (2001) mandates that all states ""refrain from providing any form of support"" to entities or persons involved in terrorist acts. u.n. secretary-general says the government is making a more serious effort to combat terrorism.sen. john avlon: government must provide complete, unrestricted and unobstructed cooperation. avlon: it is imperative that the Government of Saudi Arabia immediately and unconditionally provide complete, unrestricted, and unobstructed cooperation to the united States. avlon: government must provide complete, unrestricted, and unobstructed cooperation. avl unless the President makes the certification described in subsection (c), the President shall take the following actions : Prohibit the export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and prohibit the issuance of a license for the export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, of any defense articles or defense services on the United States Munitions List. if the President determines that it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so.report submitted under subsection a may include a classified annex. report submitted under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. report submitted under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations of the Senate and committee on international relations of the House of Representatives. the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means committee on foreign relations of the Senate and committee on international relations of the House of Representatives."
1747,"<pad> summarize: 87 per cent of americans believe financial education should be taught in schools. only 12 per cent of teachers actually teach the subject. a 2016 survey found 1 in 3 states require high school students to take a personal finance course. director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection makes competitive grants. he shall make competitive grants to and enter into agreements with eligible institutions to establish centers of excellence to support research, development, implementation, and evaluation of effective financial literacy education programs. activities authorized to be funded by grants made under subsection (a) shall include: Developing and implementing comprehensive research based financial literacy education programs for young people based on core competencies and concepts established by the Director."
1748,<pad> summarize: a foreign corporation shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if the expanded affiliated group has substantial domestic business activities. a foreign corporation described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if after the acquisition the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity has substantial domestic business activities. a foreign corporation described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity has substantial domestic business activities
1749,"<pad> summarize: the beef industry estimates that the united states cattle industry lost approximately $3,000,000,000 in export value on beef, beef variety meats, hides, and tallow during the 12 months since a bovine spongiform encephalopathy diagnosis. the livestock identification system needs to be flexible enough to adapt to changes in technology and to the demands of the industry and the markets. a board to be known as the ""Livestock Identification Board"" is established. it is capable of tracing all livestock in the united states. the Board may prescribe and collect fees to recover the costs of the livestock identification system. vacancies in the Board shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. premise identification data will be made available to the Board. the premise identification number will be assigned. premise identification data will be made available to the Board. the premise identification number will be assigned to the premise.if a animal is properly identified, it will be identified using the official identification technology. if a animal is not properly identified, it will be identified. if a animal is not properly identified. if a animal is not properly identified.the owner of an animal or group of animals may voluntarily subject such animal or group of animals to tracking by such livestock identification system. enforcement Exemption. the voluntary tracking of such animal or group of animals shall not make the animal or group of animals subject to the enforcement actions of the Secretary under section 5. information obtained through the livestock identification system may not be released, (2) shall not be considered commercial information that is privileged and confidential. the release of the information is related to actions the Board may take under this Act. a person obtaining the information needs the information for reasons consistent with the public health and public safety purposes of the livestock identification system. report on a livestock identifiable system includes lessons learned and effectiveness of pilot programs funded in fiscal year 2005. report will be submitted to committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. ""Certification of Origin"" is amended by striking a section 282 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946. it follows through ""To certify the country of origin"" and inserting ""Certification of Origin, Existing Certification Programs""the term ""Board"" means the Livestock Identification Board established under section 3(a). the term ""livestock"" means cattle, swine, sheep, goats, and poultry. the term ""relevant congressional committees"" means the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $33,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2008. there is authorized to carry out this Act $33,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2008. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $33,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2008."
1750,<pad> summarize: a proclamation issued under subsection (a) shall cease to be effective 2 years after the date on which the President issued the proclamation. the president may not issue a proclamation to designate a national monument unless the proclamation is approved by an Act of Congress on or before the last day of that 2-year period. a proclamation issued under subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that is 2 years after
1751,"<pad> summarize: the federal government has never contributed more than 12.6 per cent of the maximum state grant allocation for educating children with disabilities. it is in the national interest that the Federal Government have a role in assisting State and local efforts to educate children with disabilities.PURPOSE aims to provide 40 per cent of national average per pupil expenditure. this Act is intended to reach the federal government's goal of providing 40 per cent of the national average per pupil expenditure for the purpose of education all children with disabilities by 2010.Section 656 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (USC. 1411(j)) is amended to read as follows: Authorization of Appropriations. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $85,000,000 for fiscal year 2001. Section 686 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is amended to read as follows."
1752,<pad> summarize: foreign persons and concerns engage in foreign corrupt trade practices. the president shall submit a report to the Congress identifying foreign persons and concerns that engage in foreign corrupt trade practices. sanctions may be delayed or waived if the President certifies to the Congress that such country has enacted and is enforcing the laws described in subsection (b)(ii).sanctions may be imposed if the President certifies to the Congress that a foreign person or concern has engaged in the unlawful conduct described in section 104(h) of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. a period of 90 days has elapsed since the President first consulted with the foreign country. the 90-day period referred to in the preceding sentence may be extended for an additional 90 days if the President determines sufficient progress
1753,<pad> summarize: department of defense Expenditures obligated for expenditure for eligible technologies. subsection (a) of such section is amended to read as follows: DoD Expenditures. a technology developed by a nontraditional defense contractor.
1754,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Board"" means the Board of Directors of the Foundation. the term ""Board"" means the Board of Directors of the Foundation. the term ""Board"" means the Board of Land Management.the Bureau of Land Management Foundation is a charitable and nonprofit corporation that shall not be considered an agency or establishment of the united states. the purposes are to encourage, accept, obtain, administer, and use private gifts of money, devises, and bequests of real and personal property for the benefit of, or in connection with, the activities and services of the BLM described in subparagraph (B) the activities and grants made by the Foundation under subsection (b) a vacancy on the Board shall be filled not later than 60 days after the vacancy occurs. a vacancy on the Board shall be filled not later than 60 days after the vacancy occurs. a vacancy on the Board shall be filled not later than 60 days after the vacancy occurs. the Foundation shall at all times maintain a designated agent in the District of Columbia authorized to accept service of process for the Foundation. a gift, devise, or bequest of real property may be accepted by the Foundation even though it is encumbered, restricted, or subject to beneficial interests of private persons if any current or future interest therein is for the Foundation. a gift, devise, or bequest of real or personal property may be accepted for fiscal years 2017 through 2019, the Foundation may accept federal funds from a federal agency for use by the Foundation for the purposes of assisting the Foundation in establishing an office and meeting initial administrative, project, and other expenses in conformance with this Act. the Secretary may provide personnel, facilities, equipment, and other administrative services with such limitations and on such terms and conditions as the Secretary shall establish.the Secretary may accept the services of the Foundation, the Board, and the offices, employees, or agents of the Foundation, without compensation from the Department of the Interior, as volunteers. he may accept, without regard to the civil service classification laws, rules, and regulations, the services of the Foundation, the Board, and the offices, employees, or agents of the Foundation.AUDITS AND REPORTS REQUIREMENTS are subject to audits. for purposes of section 10101 of title 36, the Foundation shall be treated as a corporation in part B of subtitle II of such title. a full and complete statement of its receipts, expenditures, and investments.the United States shall not be liable for any debts, defaults, acts, or omissions of the Foundation. the full faith and credit of the United States shall not extend to any obligations of the Foundation. if you are liable, you may be liable for any debts, defaults, acts, or omissions.the Attorney General may petition in the district court if the Foundation engages in any act, practice, or policy inconsistent with this Act or the bylaws of the Foundation. if the Foundation engages in any act, practice, or policy that is inconsistent with this Act or the bylaws of the Foundation.the Foundation is not authorized to perform any function unless otherwise stated. a provision of this Act does not authorize the Foundation to perform any function. a provision of this Act does not authorize the Foundation to perform any function.LIMITATIONS ON USE OF FUNDS shall not be used for any activity the purpose of which is to influence legislation pending before Congress. or any activity inconsistent with this Act pending before Congress. the Foundation may not be used for any activity.no additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. passed the house of representatives July 5, 2016. attest: KAREN L. HAAS."
1755,"<pad> summarize: teen pregnancies are decreasing, but between 750,000 and 850,000 teen pregnancies each year. more than eight out of ten believe young people should have information about abstinence and protecting themselves from unplanned pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases.each eligible State shall be entitled to receive a grant to conduct programs of family life education. a program of family life education is a program age-appropriate and medically accurate, (2) does not teach or promote religion. teaches that abstinence is the only sure way to avoid teenage pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases. SENSE OF CONGRESS encourages states to provide matching funds. senate of congress is encouraged to do so. senate of congress is urging states to provide matching funds. senate of congress is urging states to provide matching funds.a condition for the receipt of a grant is that the State involved agree to cooperate with the evaluation. a condition for the receipt of a grant under section 3 is that not more than 10 percent of the grant will be expended for the evaluation under paragraph (1). ""eligible state"" means a state that submits an application for a grant under section 3. the term ""eligible state"" means the Secretary of health and human services. the term ""eligible state"" means the secretary of health and human services. $206,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2006-2010 is authorized to be appropriated. not more than 7 percent may be used for the administrative expenses of the Secretary in carrying out this Act for that fiscal year. not more than 10 percent may be used for the national evaluation under section 5(b)."
1756,"<pad> summarize: a congress finds that the federal government can and should play an important role in the development and demonstration of innovative techniques to improve comprehensive land use planning and growth management. the federal government is making a major investment in acquiring remote sensing and other geospatial information from both governmental and commercial sources. he says many state, local, regional, and tribal agencies are unaware of the utility of remote sensing and other geospatial information to meet public sector requirements the term ""high resolution"" means resolution better than five meters. ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given in section 101(a).the Administrator shall establish a program of grants for competitively awarded pilot projects. he shall give preference to projects that make use of commercial data sets. he shall give preference to projects that make use of commercial data sets.advisory committee will monitor the program established under section 4. the advisory committee will consult with the Federal Geographic Data Committee and other appropriate industry representatives and organizations. the advisory committee established under this subsection shall remain in effect until the termination of the program under section 4. Effectiveness evaluation.DATA AVAILABILITY will be retrievable through an electronic, internet-accessible database. the results of each pilot project completed under section 4 will be retrievable through an electronic, Internet-accessible database. the Administrator must ensure that the results of each pilot project will be retrievable through an electronic, internet-accessible database. EDUCATION is an educational outreach program aimed to increase awareness at institutions of higher education. the administrator will establish an educational outreach program to increase awareness. the program will be used to communicate geospatial information.. Administrator $15,000,000 authorized to carry out this Act. a total of $15,000,000 is appropriated for each of the fiscal years 2006 through 2010. a total of 500,000 people are eligible to carry out this Act. a total of 500,000 people are eligible to apply for this Act. "
1757,"<pad> summarize: psychiatric physicians practicing in American Indian and Alaska Native population groups often face cultural competency challenges, professional isolation, high demand for medical and mental health services, relatively low compensation, and high burnout rates. psychiatric physicians practicing in Indian and Alaska Native population groups often face cultural competency challenges, professional isolation, high demand for medical and mental health services. grant recipient must create a nationally-replicable workforce model. psychiatric physicians participating in the program are eligible. psychiatric physicians are licensed or eligible for licensure to practice. psychiatric physicians are eligible to participate in the program. "
1758,"<pad> summarize: SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress that authorities should expeditiously investigate unsolved civil rights murders due to the amount of time that has passed since the murders and the age of potential witnesses. all authorities with jurisdiction should expeditiously investigate unsolved civil rights murders.Deputy Chief may coordinate investigative activities with state and local law enforcement officials. study of cases under the jurisdiction of the Deputy Chief or under the jurisdiction of the Supervisory Special Agent. number of open investigations within the department of justice for violations of criminal civil rights statutes that occurred not later than December 31, 1969. if a jurisdiction declines to prosecute or participate in an investigation of a case so referred, the fact it did so.a supervisory special agent may be appointed in the civil rights unit of the federal Bureau of Investigation of the department of justice. the Supervisory Special Agent may coordinate the investigative activities with state and local law enforcement officials. he will be responsible for investigating violations of criminal civil rights statutes that occurred not later than December 31, 1969.the Attorney General may make grants to state or local law enforcement agencies for expenses associated with the investigation and prosecution of criminal offenses involving civil rights. there are authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2017 to carry out this section.there are authorized to be appropriated, in addition to any other amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for this purpose, to the Attorney General $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2017. amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall be allocated by the Attorney General to the Deputy Chief and the Supervisory Special Agent in order to advance the purposes set forth in this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to the Community Relations Service of the Department of Justice in this Act, the term ""criminal civil rights statutes"" means section 241 of title 18, United States Code. (2) section 242 of title 18, United States Code. (3) section 245 of title 18, United States Code. (4) sections 1581 and 1584 of title 18, United States Code. Sections 2 through 6 shall cease to have force or effect at the end of fiscal year 2017. sUNSET will continue to enforce the provisions of this Act. if applicable. if applicable, san francisco will be able to enforce the provisions of this Act. an inspector general appointed under section 3 or 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1978 may authorize staff to assist the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children by conducting reviews of inactive case files to develop recommendations for further investigations. an Inspector General may not permit staff to engage in activities described in subsection (a) if such activities will interfere with the duties of the Inspector General under the Inspector General Act of 1978. attorney general may reprogram funds appropriated for any congressionally directed spending item to carry out this Act. if Congress does not provide funding to carry out those Acts or amendments. if Congress doesn't provide funding to carry out those amendments."
1759,"<pad> summarize: for the purposes described in subsection (a), there shall be established the Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area. for the purposes described in subsection (a), there shall be established. the Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area. for the purposes described in subsection (a), there shall be established. the scenic area shall comprise all of Saint Helena Island, in Lake Michigan, Michigan, and all associated rocks, pinnacles, islands, and islets within one-eighth mile of the shore of Saint Helena Island. all such extended boundaries shall be deemed boundaries in existence as of January 1, 1965, for the purposes of section 8 of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965.the Secretary of Agriculture shall administer the scenic area in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the National Forest System. the plan is an amendment to the Land and Resources Management Plan for the Hiawatha National Forest. it will conform to the provisions of this Act. no new permanent roads shall be constructed within the scenic area.this Act does not affect the jurisdiction or responsibilities of the State of Michigan. it does not affect fish and wildlife in the scenic area. it does not affect fish and wildlife in the scenic area. if you are interested, please contact us if you are interested. the lands within the scenic area are hereby withdrawn from location, entry, and patent. also subject to valid existing rights, the Secretary shall not allow any mineral development on federally owned land within the scenic area. common varieties of mineral materials, such as stone and gravel, may be utilized only as authorized by the Secretary to the extent necessary for construction and maintenance of roads and facilities within the scenic area. the Secretary shall acquire by purchase from willing sellers, gift, or exchange, lands, waters, structures, or interests therein, including scenic or other easements. he may acquire by purchase from willing sellers, gift, or exchange, lands, waters, structures, or interests therein, including scenic or other easements.u.s. authorities have authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary. u.s. authorities have ruled out the acquisition of land. u.s. authorities have ruled out the acquisition of land. u.s. "
1760,"<pad> summarize: recreational hunting is an important and traditional recreational activity in which 14,000,000 Americans 16 years of age and older participate. recreational hunting occurs and can be provided for on federal public lands without adverse effects on other uses of that land and water. federal public lands shall be open to access and use for recreational hunting except as limited by the Federal agency with responsibility for federal public lands for reasons of national security. the head of each Federal agency with authority to manage a natural resource or Federal public lands on which a natural resource depends shall exercise that authority. no net loss of land area available for hunting opportunities on Federal public lands. a national Recreational Hunting Coordination Council is established. the plan will recommend short- and long-term actions to be carried out. it includes a review and evaluation of federal policies that affect recreational hunting opportunities on federal public lands. the plan will include recommendations to ensure federal agencies consider the social and economic values of healthy wildlife habitat and recreational hunting.federal public lands means any land or water the title to which is in the united states after the date of enactment of this Act. the term ""hunting"" means the lawful pursuit, hunting, trapping, shooting, capture, collection, or killing of wildlife or the attempt to pursue, hunt, trap, shoot, capture, collect, or kill wildlife."
1761,<pad> summarize: 'qualified energy inventory property' means a charitable contribution by a corporation of qualified energy inventory property. 'qualified energy inventory property' means any tangible personal property described in paragraph (1) of section 1221a. the term 'corporation' has the meaning given by paragraph (D)
1762,"<pad> summarize: section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code or 1986 is amended. it applies to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2007. if the taxpayer has ever been headquartered in the u.s., it pays at least 60 percent of each employee's health care premiums. if such taxpayer employs at least 50 employees on average during the taxable year."
1763,"<pad> summarize: the March 2, 2007, Determination of Rates and Terms of the United States Copyright Royalty Judges is not effective. that determination is modified by the April 17, 2007, Order Denying Motions for Rehearing. a copyright royalty judge determines rates and terms based on objectives set forth in section 801(b)(1). each provider of digital audio transmissions that otherwise would have been subjected to the rates and terms. a copyright royalty judge determines rates and terms based on the objectives set forth in section 801(b)(1). Section 118 of title 17, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph. in subsection (b), by striking ""and published pictorial"" and inserting "", sound recordings, and published pictorial"" in subsection (f), by inserting ""or nonprofit institution or organization"" after ""broadcast station"" the copyright royalty judges will begin proceedings under section 803(b)(1) of title 17, United States Code. the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information shall submit the report to the Copyright Royalty Judges in a timely manner before the conclusion of the proceedings.copyright royalty judges submit report on effects of proposed rate determinations on localism, diversity, and competition in the Internet radio marketplace. report will include the Commission's views on the effects of the proposed rate determinations on localism, diversity, and competition in rural areas, (2) diversity of programming, including foreign language programming. copyright royalty judges will commence proceedings under section 803(b)(1) of title 17. corporation for public Broadcasting, in consultation with public radio licensees or permittees. the Corporation shall submit the report in a timely manner."
1764,"<pad> summarize: the status of an alien shall be adjusted by the Attorney General to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien applies for such adjustment before July 1, 2001. an alien may not be required, as a condition of submitting or granting such application, to reopen, reconsider, or vacate such order. an alien may not be considered to have failed to maintain continuous physical presence by reason of an absence, or absences, from the United States"
1765,"<pad> summarize: between 1962 and 1981 there was a lapse in appropriations because there had not been enacted either an appropriations law or a continuing resolution. in 1990, Congress amended the Anti-Deficiency Act to limit the definition of emergencies so as to exclude ""ongoing, regular functions of government the suspension of which would not imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property"" section 1341(a)(1)(B) of title 31, United States Code is amended by adding at the end a new sentence. the term ""salary"" includes any benefits paid to or for an official or employee."
1766,"<pad> summarize: fda requires the labeling of more than 3,000 ingredients, additives, and processes. individuals in the united states have a right to know if their food was produced with genetic engineering for a variety of reasons, including health, economic, environmental, religious, and ethical. Section 403 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended by adding at the end the following. if it is a genetically engineered food or contains 1 or more genetically engineered ingredients unless such information is clearly disclosed, as determined by the Secretary. this paragraph does not apply to food that is served in restaurants or other similar eating establishments, such as cafeterias and carryouts. the term <unk> genetically engine"
1767,<pad> summarize: the administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall establish an official dataset on the historical temperature record. he shall use the raw data relating to temperature collected by each applicable station and vessel and accurately quantify the statistical uncertainty of each temperature observation and any subsequent products based on such observation. the Administrator shall clearly and fully identify each gap that exists in temperature station data and temperature reading data. a person or entity engaged in global climate. research that is funded in whole or in. in part with funds from the Federal Government shall use the dataset as the primary source. for historical global temperatures if such person or entity elects to consider multiple sources of such data. raw temperature station data will be released to the public in digital electronic format. analysis will be released to the public in digital numerical tabular form and in graphical form. analysis will be released to the public in digital numerical tabular form and in graphical form. the applicable Federal official may not use a method for the adjustment of data for purposes of complying with the requirements of section 2 or 4 unless such official certifies that such method complies with the guidelines of the information quality act. the applicable Federal official may not use a method for the adjustment of data for purposes of complying with the requirements of section 2 or 4 as the case may.
1768,"<pad> summarize: Section 45D is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. 'qualified vaccine research expenses' shall not include any amount to the extent such amount is funded by any grant, contract, or otherwise by another person. 'vaccine research' means research to develop vaccines and microbicides for malaria, tuberculosis, HIV, or any infectious disease which, according to the World Health Organization, causes over 1,000,000 human deaths annually. sally kohn: a multi-lateral, international effort should be launched. kohn: flexible pricing is one of several valid strategies to accelerate introduction of vaccines in developing countries. kohn: if we can't afford a vaccine purchase fund, we need to make sure we are able. kohn: we need a multi-lateral, international effort, such as a vaccine purchase fund. "
1769,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> contribution' means a contribution or contributions made by an individual or entity. the term 'Presidential library fundraising organization' means an organization established to raise funds to create, maintain, expand, or conduct activities at a Presidential archival depository."
1770,"<pad> summarize: congress finds development, assembly, and operation of the International Space Station is in the national interest of the united states. rescoping or redesign of the International Space Station will lead to costly delays, increase costs to its international partners, discourage commercial involvement.the term ""Administrator"" means a potential change to the program baseline documented as a potential cost by the Space Station Program Office. the term ""cost threat"" means a change to the program baseline documented as a potential cost by the Space Station Program Office. nasa authorizes Appropriations for the period encompassing fiscal year 1996. not more than $2,121,000,000 may be appropriated for any one fiscal year unless the Administrator certifies to the Congress that the program reserves available for such fiscal year exceed the total of all cost threats known at the time of certification. if the Administrator submits a report under paragraph (2), such report shall include any comments relating thereto submitted to the Administrator. the Administrator shall coordinate the engineering functions of the space shuttle program with the space station program office. maintain at one lead center the complementary capabilities of human spacecraft engineering and astronaut training. if you are interested in human spacecraft development, please contact us. the Congress declares that a priority goal of constructing the International Space Station is the economic development of Earth orbital space. the use of free market principles in operating, allocating the use and adding capabilities will reduce Space Station operational costs for all partners and the federal Government's share of the United States burden to fund operations.SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of Congress. the ""cost incentive fee"" single prime contract negotiated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for the International Space Station. the consolidation of programmatic and financial accountability into a single space station Program Office. enactment of this Act will be followed within a year. a report will be compiled annually. passed the House of Representatives saturday. a report will be submitted to the congress. "
1771,"<pad> summarize: the term ""Secretary"" means the secretary of agriculture. state. the term ""Secretary"" means the state of Oregon. the term ""Secretary"" means the state of Oregon. the term ""Secretary"" means the state of Oregon. the Secretary may, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, sell or exchange any or all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the following National Forest System land and improvements. a sale or exchange of land under subsection (a) shall be subject to the laws applicable to the conveyance and acquisition of land for the National Forest System. if the Secretary determines that the offer is not in the public interest, he may reject any funds deposited under subsection (a) shall be available to the Secretary, without further Act of appropriation, for the acquisition, construction, or improvement of administrative and visitor facilities and associated land in connection with the Deschutes National Forest. the Secretary shall manage any land acquired by purchase or exchange under this Act in accordance with the Act of March 1, 1911. the Secretary may acquire, construct, or improve administrative facilities and associated land. funds made available under section 4(b) are insufficient to carry out the acquisition, construction, or improvement. funds subsequently made available for the acquisition, construction, or improvement.there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you should contact us if you have any questions relating to this Act if you have any questions."
1772,"<pad> summarize: if in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49 of the United States Code. section 5901 is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following. paragraphs (6) and (7) are redesigned as paragraphs and (8) respectively. paragraph (5) means the weight of the cargo, packaging materials, pallets, and dunnage. a person who tenders a loaded container or trailer for intermodal transportation shall provide a certification of the contents of the container or trailer in writing, or electronically, before or when the container or trailer is so tendered to it. a subsequent carrier may presume that no certification is required. if a person inaccurately transfers information on a certification or fails to forward the certification to a subsequent carrier, that person is liable.a copy of certification required by section 5902(b) is not required to accompany the intermodal container or trailer. a copy of certification required by section 5902(b) is not required to accompany the intermodal container or trailer. a copy of certification required by section 5902(b) is not required to accompany the intermodal container or trailer.section 5905 is amended by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: General. a person involved in the intermodal transportation of a loaded container or trailer for which a certification is required by section 5902(b) of this title is required to post a bond or pay a fine, penalty, cost, or interest. a lien is in effect until the lien holder has received payment for all costs and expenses described in subsection Section 5906 is amended by striking ""Sections 5904(a)(2) and 5905 of this title do"" and inserting ""Section 5905 of this title does"".'section 5905 of this title does'Section 5907(b) is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting a sentence. the Secretary of Transportation shall initiate a proceeding to consider adoption or modification of regulations under this chapter to reflect the amendments made by that Act of 1996. Chapter 59 is amended by adding at the end of chapter 5908. Relationship to other laws ""Nothing in this chapter affects chapter 51 or the regulations promulgated under that chapter"" the table of sections for such chapter is amended by adding at the end thereof: ""5908. Relationship to other laws"""
1773,"<pad> summarize: the laws referred to in subsection (b) apply to the Congress in the same manner and to the same extent as they apply in the case of a private person, to such a person. if the aggregate number of employees attributable to a Member does not exceed the number of employees necessary to qualify as a small business under the exemption. if the aggregate number of employees attributable to a Member does not exceed the number of employees necessary to enactment of this Act is a 180-day period beginning on the date of enactment. a house of congress fails to promulgate such rules and regulations within such time period shall be subjected to the regulations of the relevant Executive agency. if any individual is aggrieved by an action taken pursuant to this Act, such individual may seek review of that action in a federal district court of competent jurisdiction. such individual shall have the same rights and remedies provided to private persons under the laws referred to in section 2. "
1774,"<pad> summarize: Section 152(a)(2) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to the eastern and western districts of Arkansas by striking ""3"" and inserting ""4"" and inserting ""6"", in the item relating to the middle district of Florida by striking ""1"" and inserting ""6"", in the item relating to the southern district of Florida by striking ""5"" and inserting ""7"" in the item relating to the northern district of temporary office of bankruptcy judges authorized for the northern district of Alabama and the eastern district of Tennessee are extended until the first vacancy occurring in the office of a bankruptcy judge in each of the judicial districts set forth in paragraph (1) occurring 5 years or more after the appointment date of the bankruptcy judge appointed under paragraph (1) to such office."
1775,"<pad> summarize: section 2320 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. it is amended by inserting after ""such goods or services"" a counterfeit mark has been applied thereto. a person convicted of a civil forfeiture under this section shall forfeit to the united states. the united States Sentencing Commission may amend the federal sentencing guidelines. it will review and, if appropriate, amend policy statements relating to persons convicted of any offense under section 994 of title 28, United States Code."
1776,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may dispose of multifamily housing projects owned by the Secretary, or foreclosed upon by the Secretary. a unit of general local government or State agency may provide the Secretary with written notice of its serious interest in the property. a unit of general local government or State agency has 45 days after the date notice is received under paragraph (3) to make a bona fide offer to purchase the property. a unit of general local 90 days after expiration of 18-month period enactment of this Act. report describing the various methods of disposition of multifamily housing projects. enactment of this Act enacted a similar act."
1777,"<pad> summarize: u.s. needs foreign language proficiency to understand other customs and cultures. the business community suffers from u.s. educational deficiencies, including inadequate foreign language instruction. only 5 percent of current elementary and secondary teachers ever took international relations, or geography courses while in school. 35 states are reporting a shortage in foreign language teachers. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning provided by section 1201 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. it is the purpose of this title to establish a grant program that will assist States in recruiting individuals with a demonstrated competence in a foreign language. the Secretary shall establish by regulation, procedures based on the results of such assessment."
1778,"<pad> summarize: preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and international terrorism through existing multilateral and bilateral initiatives requires additional efforts to deny Iran the financial means to sustain its nuclear, chemical, biological, and missile weapons programs. if Iran fails to acquire weapons of mass destruction, it will endanger the national security and foreign policy interests of the u.s.u.s. policy denies Iran ability to support international terrorism. u.s. policy to limit development of petroleum resources in Iran. u.s. policy to limit development of petroleum resources. u.s. policy to deny Iran ability to support international terrorism.the president shall impose one or more of the sanctions described in section 5 on a person subjected to this section. if the President determines that the person has made an investment of more than $40,000,000. if the President determines that the person has made an investment of more than $40,000,000.sanctions to be imposed on sanctioned persons under section 4(a) are as follows. the President may direct the Export-Import Bank of the united states not to guarantee, insure, extend credit, or participate in the extension of credit in connection with the export of any goods or services to any sanctioned person.secretary of state may issue an advisory opinion to that person. a proposed activity by that person wouldn't subject a person to such sanctions. a person who relies in good faith on such an advisory opinion may not be made subject to such sanctions. if the President makes a determination outlined in section 4(a) with respect to a foreign person, the Congress urges the President to initiate consultations immediately with the government with primary jurisdiction over that foreign person. the president may immediately impose a sanction or sanctions unless the President determines and certifies to the Congress that the government has taken specific and effective actions. if the President determines and certifies to the Congress that the government has taken specific the sanctions requirement of section 4 shall no longer have force or effect if the President determines that Iran has ceased its efforts to design, develop, manufacture, or acquire a nuclear explosive device or related materials and technology. he has been removed from the list of state sponsors of international terrorism under section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979.the president shall ensure the continued transmittal to Congress of reports describing the nuclear and other military capabilities of Iran. he shall ensure the continued transmittal to Congress of reports describing the nuclear and other military capabilities of Iran. he shall also ensure the continued transmittal of reports describing the nuclear and other military capabilities.the term ""appropriate congressional committees"" means the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Foreign Relations of the Senate. the term ""financial institution"" includes a branch or agency of a foreign bank.sanctions of this Act apply to persons making investments for the development of petroleum resources in Libya in the same manner as those sanctions apply under this Act to persons making investments for such development in Iran. passed the Senate December 20, 1995. APPLICATION OF THE ACT TO LIBYA. "
1779,"<pad> summarize: a portion of section 299 is amended by a new section. it is intended to reduce juvenile delinquency and gang participation. it is intended to promote personal and social responsibility among at-risk youth. Section 299 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 is amended in subsection (a) in the subsection heading, by striking ""Parts C and E"" and inserting ""Parts C, E, and G"" there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out part G, and authorized to remain available until expended, $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015."
1780,"<pad> summarize: the table of contents is amended by adding after the item relating to section 5618 the following. ""Section 5631. Short title. ""Section 5632. Findings and purposes. ""Section 5633. Program authorized. ""Section 5634. Application. ""Section 5635. Use of grants."""
1781,"<pad> summarize: the term 'weapon of mass destruction' means any weapon or device intended, or has the capability, to cause death or serious bodily injury to a significant number of people through the release, dissemination, or impact of toxic or poisonous chemicals or their precursors. Deputy Director establishes criteria to determine eligibility of local first responders to receive grants under section 630. emergency communications equipment standards. not later than 120 days after the date of the establishment of the Office, the Deputy Director establishes standards for terrorism preparedness and response by State governments.the term <unk> first responder' means any local governmental entity, Indian tribe, or Native village. a first responder or State may not be eligible to receive a grant under this section. grants may be used only to purchase interoperable equipment based on the likelihood of a terrorism attack."
1782,"<pad> summarize: a regular appropriation bill for fiscal year 1998 does not become law prior to the beginning of fiscal year 1998. there is appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. sums may be necessary to continue any program, project, or activity. an appropriation of funds made available for a program, project, or activity for fiscal year 1998 pursuant to this Act shall be made available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the pertinent appropriations Act for fiscal year 1997. all of the terms and conditions and the apportionment schedule imposed with respect to the appropriation made or funds made available. appropriations and funds made available and authority granted for any program, project, or activity incurred during the portion of fiscal year 1998 for which this Act applies to that program, project, or activity. this Act applies to any program, project, or activity incurred during the portion of fiscal year 1998. appropriations and funds made available, and authority granted, shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for that program, project, or activity EXPENDITURES Expenditures made for a program, project, or activity for fiscal year 1998 pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization if a regular appropriation bill or a joint resolution making continuing appropriations until the end of fiscal year 1998 becomes law.appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to this Act shall not be used to initiate or resume any program, project or activity for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 1997. appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project or activity for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available.Nothing in this Act shall be construed to effect Government obligations mandated by other law, including obligations with respect to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and veterans benefits. this Act does not apply unless it is construed to effect government obligations mandated by other law.appropriation bill makes appropriations, otherwise making funds available, or granting authority. appropriation bill makes appropriations for programs, projects, and activities. department of defense chargeable in whole or in part against revenues of district. "
1783,"<pad> summarize: over 800 tank vessels enter San Francisco Bay each year, carrying hundreds of millions of gallons of oil and other hazardous substances. the small oil spill of October 28, 1996 showed that even small oil spills in San Francisco Bay are both costly to mitigate and harmful to the environment.rerouting of vessel traffic in the vicinity of alcatraz Island. the secretary of the army shall develop and carry out a navigation project under this section. the plan shall include initial design and engineering, underwater hazard removal, and, if needed, environmental mitigation. reroute vessel traffic after completion of the second phase of the navigation project. the commandant of the Coast Guard shall modify navigation lanes. he shall develop a vessel routing program that minimizes the risk of an oil or hazardous substance spill in San Francisco Bay.Maritime Administrator will ensure that operational vessels owned by, or vessels under contract to, the Maritime Administration are surveyed for risks for oil spills or other hazards to human health or the environment. standards and Procedures are used in inspecting similarly situated private vessels.for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 1999, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Army and the Commandant of the Coast Guard such sums as may be necessary to carry out their respective duties under this Act. such sums shall remain available until expended."
1784,"<pad> summarize: the battle of the washita, November 27, 1868, was one of the largest engagements between Plains tribes and the United States Army on the Southern Great Plains. the battle site symbolizes the struggle of the Southern Great Plains tribes to maintain their traditional lifeways and not to submit to reservation confinement.washita Battlefield National Historic Site is hereby established in the state of Oklahoma. Boundary consists of approximately 326 acres. the national historic site shall consist of approximately 326 acres. the private lands subject to conservation easements referred to in section 5(b). the Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, shall manage the national historic site in accordance with this Act and the provisions of law generally applicable to units of the National Park System. the Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, shall manage the national historic site in accordance with this Act and the provisions of law generally applicable to units of the National Park System. lands and interests in lands owned by the state of. Oklahoma or any political subdivision thereof may be acquired only by donation. conservation easements will be deemed necessary for the visual and interpretive integrity of the national historic site. lands and interests in lands owned by the State of. Oklahoma or any political subdivision thereof may be acquired only by donation. a general management plan for the national historic site will be prepared within five years. a resource protection program will be provided for public use. a research and curation plan and a highway signing program will also be included. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $5,000,000............"
1785,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: american Latinos are an ethnically and racially diverse population. avlon: a more complete representation is in order to educate other Americans. he asks: why not create a National Museum of the American Latino Community? the Commission shall consist of 23 members appointed not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act as follows: The President shall appoint 7 voting members. members of the Commission shall be chosen from among individuals, or representatives of institutions or entities, who possess either a demonstrated commitment to the research, study, or promotion of American Latino life, art, history, political or economic status, or culture. members shall be chosen from among individuals the Commission shall submit a report to the President and the Congress. it shall develop a fundraising plan for the establishment and maintenance of the museum. the commission shall develop a fundraising plan for supporting the creation and maintenance of the Museum through contributions by the American people. the impact of the Museum on regional Hispanic- and Latino-related museums. the Secretary of the Interior shall provide the administrative services, facilities, and funds necessary for the performance of the Commission's functions. each member may receive compensation for each day on which the member is engaged in the work of the Commission, at a daily rate to be determined by the Secretary of the Interior. final versions must be submitted in 30 days. final versions must be submitted by the Commission. deadline is 30 days. enactment of this Act. final versions must be submitted in january..there are authorized to be appropriated for carrying out the activities of the Commission $2,100,000 for fiscal year 2005 and $1,100,000 for fiscal year 2006. there are authorized to be appropriated for carrying out the activities of the Commission. "
1786,"<pad> summarize: a Ready Reserve-National Guard employee's average daily employer-provided compensation is the average daily employer-provided compensation for such period. the term <unk> qualified replacement employee' means any remuneration for employment, whether in cash or in kind, which is allowable as a deduction under section 162(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code."
1787,"<pad> summarize: a waiver granted under this subsection shall be for a term not to exceed 10 years, but shall be renewable by petition. the Commission shall maintain an electronic database containing a copy of each such petition received by it and the disposition thereof. a prison, penitentiary, or correctional facility that receives a waiver under this subsection may not transfer the ownership or right to use a device authorized by the Commission.regulations will require that any such device operate at the lowest technically feasible transmission power that will permit prison, penitentiary, or correctional staff to prevent, jam, or interfere with wireless communications within the geographic boundaries of a specified prison, penitentiary, or correctional facility, (2) be capable of directionalized operation. a final rule promulgated under subsection (a) is promulgated in the Federal Register establishing criteria for certification for"
1788,"<pad> summarize: a veteran small business start-up credit is determined under section 45S. the term 'applicable veteran-owned small business' means a small business owned and controlled by one or more veterans or spouses of veterans. the term 'underserved community' means, with respect to any taxable year, any person engaged in a trade or business in the u.s if the gross receipts of such person did not exceed $5,000,000"
1789,"<pad> summarize: racial and ethnic disparities in the criminal process have contributed to a growing perception of bias in the criminal justice system. there are a variety of possible causes of disparities among racial and ethnic groups. programs that promote fairness will increase public confidence in the criminal justice system.a pilot program is set to be implemented 90 days after enactment of this Act. the plan is intended to gather racial and ethnic data on investigations and prosecutions in the districts and the causes of disparities, if any. advisory group of u.s. attorney may include 1 or more senior social scientists with expertise in research methods or statistics. advisory group may include senior social scientists with expertise in research methods or statistics. advisory group may not serve longer than 5 years. advisory group may designate a reporter for each advisory group.there are authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for use, at the discretion of the Attorney General, by the United States Attorneys' advisory groups in the development and implementation of plans under this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for use, at the discretion of the Attorney General, by the United States Attorneys' advisory groups."
1790,"<pad> summarize: this Act is authorized by the United States Constitution under clause 1 of article I. it is appropriate for Congress to consider legislation immediately modifying outlay amounts in this Act. Total Federal outlays have averaged 20.6 percent of gross domestic product over the past 40 years.the balanced budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended by striking paragraph. the term 'GDP' means the gross domestic product during such fiscal year. the term 'emergency requirement' means any provision that provides new budget authority and resulting outlays.Title III of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding after section 315 the following. it shall not be in order in the House of Representatives or the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that includes any provision that would cause the most recently reported, current GDP outlay limits to be exceeded. Waiver or Suspension. in the senate."
1791,"<pad> summarize: college textbook prices have risen at twice the rate of annual inflation over the last two decades. an open source material project would make high-quality educational materials freely available to the general public. the scientific and technical workforce at Federal agencies, national laboratories, and federally supported university-based research programs could make a valuable contribution to this effort. a Federal oversight role in the creation and maintenance of standard, publicly vetted textbooks is desirable to ensure that intellectual property is the head of each agency expends more than $10,000,000 in a fiscal year on scientific education and outreach. at least 2 percent of such funds will be used to collaborate on the development and implementation of open source materials as an educational outreach effort in accordance with subsection (b). the head of each agency that expends more than $10,000,000 in a fiscal year on scientific education and outreach shall use at least 2 percent of such funds. grant funds are authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000 to carry out this section for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as necessary for each succeeding fiscal year. an eligible entity must submit an application to the Director and the Secretary at such time, in such manner.director and the Secretary shall jointly prescribe regulations necessary to implement this Act. redistribution and attribution standards for open source materials produced under this Act. attribution standards for open source materials produced under this Act. attribution standards for open source materials produced under this Act.the term ""Director"" means the director of the national science foundation. the term ""eligible entity"" means an institution of higher education, nonprofit or for-profit organization, federal agency, or any other organization that produces the open source materials described in section 4(c). the term ""institution of higher education"" means an institution of higher education as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965."
1792,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of Veterans Affairs may not require a veteran to pay multiple cost-sharing amounts if the veteran seeks urgent care under section 1725A of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). the secretary may not require a veteran to pay multiple cost-sharing amounts if the veteran seeks care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the same condition."
1793,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 105 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by striking ""through 1998"" and inserting ""through 2003"" Section 204 of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC. 280e- 4a) is amended by striking ""through 1998"" and inserting ""through 2003"""
1794,"<pad> summarize: Section 19 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act is amended to read as follows. it was amended to read as follows. for each fiscal year thereafter, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission an amount equal to the sum of (A)"
1795,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary is authorized to provide grants to rural eligible local educational agencies. a rural eligible local educational agency must submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner. each grant award made under this section shall be of sufficient size to enable a grantee to develop incentive programs to recruit and retain qualified teachers. the term ""rural eligible educational agency"" has the same meaning given such term by the Bureau of the Census. section 428J(b)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. if the school qualifies under section 465(a)(2)(A) for loan cancellation. or for 3 consecutive complete school years. the Secretary may award grants on a competitive basis to rural eligible local educational agencies to develop and implement high-quality professional development programs for teachers. a rural eligible local educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require."
1796,"<pad> summarize: the term ""banking institution"" means an insured depository institution, Federal credit union, State credit union, bank holding company, or savings and loan holding company. the term ""basel III capital requirements"" means the proposed rule of the National Credit Union Administration entitled ""Risk-Based Capital"" the term ""NCUA capital requirements"" means the proposed rule of the National Credit Union Administration entitled ""Risk-Based Capital"""
1797,"<pad> summarize: 2,000 active-duty border patrol agents will be deployed along the southern border of the u.s. 100 percent will be deployed along the southern border of the u.s. border. 100 percent will be deployed along the southern border of the u.s.the secretary of homeland security shall construct or purchase office facilities to accommodate additional Border Patrol agents. additional fencing in urban and remote areas of the southern border of the united states. vehicle barriers to support, not replace, manpower to achieve operational control of such border. Section 102(b)(1)(A) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 is amended to read as follows. in carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall construct two layers of reinforced physical fencing along not fewer than 150 miles of the southern border of the united states. the two- layered reinforced physical fencing required under clause (i) shall be separated by a Border Patrol access road. a study will be carried out by the secretary of homeland security. it will include the number of employers required by law to participate. the number of employers required by law to participate in the E-Verify Program. the number of employers that voluntarily participate in the E-Verify Program. "
1798,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE is to ensure a safe and adequate municipal, rural, and industrial water supply for the citizens of Dawson, Garfield, McCone, Prairie, Richland, Judith Basin, Wheatland, Golden Valley, Fergus, Yellowstone, and Musselshell Counties. the term ""Administrator"" means in the case of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority. the term ""Authority"" means in the case of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority. the term ""dry-redwater regional water authority system"" means the dry-redwater regional water authority.the Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement to provide Federal assistance. he may carry out the project entitled the ""Musselshell-Judith Rural Water System"" a total of 75 per cent of the total cost of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System. limitation. Amounts made available under subparagraph (A) shall not be returnable or reimbursable. Counties referred to as impact counties were to receive impact mitigation benefits in accordance with the Pick-Sloan program. Availability of power. in general. if the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System operates on a not-for-profit basis. if the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System operates on a not-for-profit basis.this Act does not preempt or affect any state water law. or affects any authority of a state to manage water resources within that state. enactment of this Act will not affect any state water law. a state has authority to manage water resources within that state. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the planning, design, and construction of the Water Systems. the amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) may be increased or decreased in accordance with ordinary fluctuations in development costs incurred after the applicable date specified in paragraph (2). the date referred to in paragraph referred to in paragraph referred to is in the case of the Dry-Redwater Regional Water Authority System."
1799,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of the Interior shall acquire by exchange certain land and interests in land owned by R-Y Timber, Inc. its successors and assigns or affiliates located in the Lost Creek area and other areas of the Deerlodge National Forest, Montana. if R-Y offers fee title to approximately 17,567 acres of land owned by R-Y and available for exchange, the Secretary shall accept a warranty deed to the land. if maps relating to the land described in section 2 are subject to such minor corrections as may be agreed upon by the Secretary and R-Y. Notification. the maps and documents described in section 2(b) (1) and (3) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Chief of the Forest Service. "
1800,<pad> summarize: section 6013 is amended by inserting after section 6013 the following new section. a husband and wife may make a combined return of income taxes under subtitle A under which a separate taxable income is determined for each spouse by applying the rules provided in this section. each spouse's share of credits shall be determined by multiplying the aggregate amount of the credits by the fraction determined under subsection (c)(4). if a husband and wife elect the application
1801,"<pad> summarize: the gold medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. the medal will be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be displayed as appropriate. the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze medal struck under section 2 at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals. a price sufficient to cover labor, materials, dies, use of machinery and overhead expenses. medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31. the medals were struck pursuant to this Act for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31 of title 31. the medals were issued in the united states by the united states.there is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds of sale will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. proceeds will be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund."
1802,"<pad> summarize: Section 18 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 is amended in subsection (b) in paragraph (1). the amendments under subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 1994. the amendments under subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 1994. section 14 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 is amended in subsection (a)(1) by inserting before the semicolon the following: ""or replace existing public housing projects whose physical condition is such that replacement units may be newly constructed at a cost not greater than the cost of improving such units"" in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before the semicolon at the end. and by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following new clause section 6(j) is amended by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5). a private management entity selected by the Secretary shall transfer management of public housing to a private management entity selected by the Secretary if, for any year, the public housing is designated as a troubled public housing agency. if, for any year the public housing is designated pursuant to paragraph (2) as a troubled public housing agency."
1803,"<pad> summarize: section 405 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 is amended. section 405 is amended by adding at the end the following: ""section 405"" the amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of title IV. Section 405 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 is amended in the heading, by inserting ""and schip"" before the period. a State may also elect to waive the application of sections 401(a), 402(b), 403, and 421 with respect to eligibility of children for child health assistance. Section 405 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996, as added by section 2(a), is amended by adding at the end: Certain blind or disabled medically needy. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996. a State may also elect to waive the application of sections 401(a), 402(b section 402(a)(2) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 USC. 1612(a)(2)), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: SSI exception for aged aliens lawfully residing in the united states on august 22, 1996.section 402(a)(2) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 USC. 1612(a)(2)), as amended by section 5(b)(1), is amended by adding at the end: Food stamp exception for aliens lawfully residing in the united states on august 22, 1996. paragraph (1) shall not apply to an individual who was lawfully residing in the united states on august 22, 1996. section 402(a)(a)(2) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 is amended by adding at the end: Battered Immigrants. Section 431(c) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 USC. 1613(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following. section 421(c) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 USC."
1804,"<pad> summarize: the average public school is 42 years old. 29 per cent of all public schools are in the oldest condition. many schools do not have adequate infrastructure to support computers and other technologies necessary to prepare students for the jobs of the 21st century. the term ""bond"" includes any obligation relating to a public school facility. the term ""public school facility"" does not include any stadium or other facility primarily used for athletic contests or exhibitions. the term ""qualified school construction bond"" means any bond issued as part of an issue if 95 percent or more proceeds attributable to such bond are to be used. a state may use not less than 50 percent of the funds to make loans based on revolving fund programs. a state that uses funds made available under section 5(b) to make a loan or support a State-administered program under subsection (a)(1) shall repay to the stabilization fund the amount of the loan or support, plus interest, at an annual rate of 4.5 percent. a state shall not be required the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available $400,000,000 to provide assistance to Indian tribes. an Indian tribe that receives assistance under paragraph (1) shall use not less than 50 percent of the assistance for a loan to enable the Indian tribe to make annual interest payments on qualified school construction bonds."
1805,"<pad> summarize:.........................Title II of the national Housing Act is amended in section 207(c)(3)(A) by inserting ""with sound standards of construction and design"" after ""elevator-type structures"" Title II of the National Housing Act is amended in section 207(c)(3)(A) by inserting ""with sound standards of construction and design"" after ""consist of elevator-type structures"""
1806,"<pad> summarize: mandatory minimum sentencing for drug users increased by more than 1,350 percent. the federal Bureau of Prisons budget increased by more than 1,350 percent - from $220,000,000 in 1986 to about $3,019,000,000 in 1997. prosecutors, not judges, have the discretion to reduce a charge, accept or deny a plea bargain, reward or deny a defendant's substantial assistance or cooperation in the prosecution of someone else. in 1986, before federal prosecution for an offense under the Controlled Substances Act, the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. a federal prosecution for such an offense shall not be commenced unless the prior written approval of the Attorney General. Section 404 of the Controlled Substances Act is amended by striking ""not less than 15 days but"" by striking ""not less than 90 days but"" by striking ""not less than 5 years and not more than"" and inserting ""for any term or years or to"" after ""if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to"""
1807,<pad> summarize: TAX CREDIT for CERTAIN POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS is amended by inserting after section 25B the following new item relating to section 25B. limitations. Maximum credit. the credit allowed by subsection (a) shall not exceed $200. the term 'candidate' means in the case of political contributions made during a taxable year. section 223 is amended by redesignating section 223 as section 224. the amount allowed as a deduction under subsection (a) for the taxable year shall not exceed $600. the amount allowed as a deduction under subsection (a) for the taxable year shall not exceed $600. 
1808,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission on Telemedicine. there is a commission to be known as the Presidential Commission on Telemedicine. ESTABLISHMENT is based in syria. telecommunications and information systems technologies are used to provide health care. telecommunications and information systems technologies are used to provide health care. telecommunications and information systems technologies are used to provide health care. telemedicine may be used by health care providers in the u.s. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled not later than 30 days after the creation of the vacancy. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled not later than 30 days after the date of the creation of the vacancy in the manner in which the original appointment was made.the director and staff may be appointed without regard to title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the maximum rate of basic pay payable for GS-13 of the General Schedule.the Commission may hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. any member or agent of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action that the Commission is authorized to take by this section. Exception. Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any information that the Commission is prohibited to secure or request by another law. not later than the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the appointment of the last member of the Commission to be appointed under section 4(a) the Commission shall submit to the President and the Congress a report containing the findings, conclusions, and recommendations. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. any spending authority (as defined in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 401(c)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 shall be effective only to such extent or in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts. "
1809,"<pad> summarize: agriculture was a large positive contributor to the United States merchandise trade balance in 2002. agriculture was a trade surplus of $12,300,000,000. the growth of agricultural exports should continue to be an important factor in improving the United States merchandise trade balance. reducing agricultural exports due to unjustifiable imposition of sanitary and phytosanitary measures that deny or limit market access. 183. Identification of countries that deny fair and equitable market access to United States agricultural products. a trade representative may identify a foreign country only if it finds that there is a factual basis for the denial of fair and equitable market access as a result of the violation of international law or agreement. a trade representative may at any time revoke the identification of any foreign country as a priority foreign country under this section. Subparagraph (A) of section 302(b)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting ""or 183(a(a)(2)"" in the matter preceding clause (i). the matter preceding clause (i) is amended by inserting ""concerning intellectual property rights that is"" "
1810,"<pad> summarize: the term <unk> enforcement action' means an apprehension, arrest, interview, request for identification, search, or surveillance. it includes an enforcement action at, or focused on, a sensitive location. if an enforcement action is carried out in violation of this subsection no information resulting from the enforcement action is entered into the record or received into evidence."
1811,"<pad> summarize: federal law does not provide persons in the private and non-Federal governmental agencies with assurance that information submitted to the Federal Government will be protected from disclosure. the federal government needs critical infrastructure information from persons in the private sector and non-federal governmental agencies in order to protect critical infrastructure from intentional acts of significant harm. there are currently more than 100 exemptions from disclosure of information under the Freedom of Information Act that have been approved by law for other purposes a person seeking the protection of information or records under subsection (a) shall be treated as having made an express request for protection if the person submitting such information or records expressly requests that such information or records not be made available under section 552 of title 5, United States Code. a request with respect to information or records under subsection (a) shall be made only by the person submitting such information or records to the Federal Government. if such person does not the antitrust laws shall not apply to conduct engaged in, including making and implementing an agreement, solely for the purpose of and limited to facilitating responses intended to correct or avoid a cyber security related problem. Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to conduct that involves or results in an agreement to boycott any person, to allocate a market, or to fix prices or output.Enhanced Penalties imposed by a section of that section. a section of that section is amended by striking ""5 years"" and inserting ""10 years"" in paragraph (2)(C) by striking ""five years"" and inserting ""20 years"" Chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3486A the following new item relating to section 3486A. the attorney general may issue in writing and cause to be served a subpoena requiring a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service to disclose the name, address, Internet protocol address, local and long distance telephone toll billing records, telephone number or other subscriber number or identity. plan to encourage standardized requests of federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies. not later than six months after date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to the president and to the committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and House of Representatives.the Attorney General and the Secretary of Commerce submit to congress and the president a plan. the plan is intended to encourage Internet service providers to take appropriate actions. the plan includes the installation and use of Internet servers and routers.the term ""agency"" has the meaning given in section 551 of title 5 of title 5. the term ""antitrust laws"" includes section 5 of the federal trade commission Act. the term ""critical infrastructure information"" means information concerning threats, vulnerabilities, risks, and mitigation."
1812,<pad> summarize: a person who plants patented seed or seed derived from patented seed may retain seed from the harvest if that person submits to the Secretary of Agriculture notice. a person who plants patented seed or seed derived from patented seed may retain seed from the harvest if that person submits to the Secretary of Agriculture notice. the Secretary of Agriculture shall establish a fee to be paid by a person pursuant to subsection (a)(2) based on tarif is imposed on any product of the exported seed from that foreign country. there shall be imposed a duty determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. there shall be deposited in the Patented Seed Fund established under section 2(e)(1).
1813,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 7706 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ""Section 7706. Determination of worker classification"" the requirements of this subsection are met with respect to any service if the service provider either meets the requirements of paragraph (2) with respect to such service. the requirement of this subsection are met with respect to any service if the service provider either incurs significant unreimbursed expenses as it relates"
1814,"<pad> summarize: commercial list brokers regularly advertise and sell detailed information on children. this data is commonly available on children as young as two years old. money spent on marketing to children has been estimated at $12 billion a year. federal law does not significantly restrict the commercial sale or resale of such data.it is unlawful to sell personal information about an individual the seller knows to be a child. it is unlawful to sell personal information about an individual the seller knows to be a child. or for a person who has provided a certification pursuant to subsection (b)(2) to engage in any practice that violates the terms of the certification. subsection (a) does not apply to any sale, purchase, or use of personal information about a child if enforcement by Certain other Agencies. a violation of section 3 of this Act is deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under section 3 of this Act I. a violation of section 3 of this Act I is deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under section 3 of this Act. attorney general of a State may bring civil action on behalf of the residents of a state. if a defendant is an inhabitant, he may seek damages, restitution or other relief. he may also seek damages, restitution or other relief if the court considers appropriate.the term ""express consent"" does not include consent inferred from a failure to indicate affirmatively that consent is denied or withheld. the term ""express consent"" does not include consent inferred from a failure to indicate affirmatively that consent is denied or withheld. This Act takes effect 6 months after the date of enactment. this Act takes effect 6 months after the date of enactment. enactment enactment. enactment enactment."
1815,"<pad> summarize: the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied as if such subtitles, and amendments, had never been enacted. Subsection (a) of section 901 of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 is amended by striking ""this Act"" and all that follows and insert ""this Act shall not apply to taxable, plan, or limitation years beginning after December 31, 2010"" if the amount with respect to The tentative tax is to be computed is not over $10,000........ 14.4 of such amount. $1,440, plus 16 of the excess of such amount over $20,000 but not over $40,000. the amendment shall apply to estates of decedents dying, and gifts made.ira imposed a reversal on a decedent's estate based on 'calendar year 2006' for 'calendar year 1992. if any amount as adjusted under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10,000. if any amount as adjusted under the preceding sentence is not a multiple, such amount shall be rounded to the"
1816,"<pad> summarize: a qualified amateur sports organization described in section 501(j)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or an organization which would be so described. the term ""royalty"" includes any income received by such organization if a substantial part of the consideration for such income is the right to use trademarks, designations, or similar properties indicating a connection with the Olympic Games to be conducted in 1996 or related events or the participation of the United States Olympic Team at"
1817,<pad> summarize: Section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Means-Tested Welfare Spending. the concurrent resolution on the budget shall set forth the appropriate level for aggregate means-tested welfare spending for the first fiscal year of that concurrent resolution. Section 606. CONSTRUCTION RELATING TO HEALTH BENEFITS.
1818,"<pad> summarize: implementation requirement in subsection (a) shall not apply to recommendation by an inspector general that would violate an existing law. the head of the relevant agency shall submit to Congress a description of the necessary change to the law to legally implement the recommendation. report Required. initial report. Not later than 6 months after the submission of an IG report, or 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. agency that fails to implement a recommendation from an IG report may not obligate funds available to such agency. funds subject to Obligation Limitation may not be obligated. the term ""timely manner"" means 30 percent completion of such recommendation within the first year following submission. 50 per cent will be credited to the Highway Trust Fund established under section 9503(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to be made available without further appropriation. 50 per cent will be transferred to the administrator for making capitalization grants for state water pollution control revolving funds.the term ""agency"" has the meaning in section 551 of title 5 of title 5. ""politically-appointed official"" means any employee who is not paid under the General Schedule. appointed by the president by and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
1819,"<pad> summarize: iraq's taylor mcdonald's re-election re-evaluated a re-evaluation. mcdonald's re-evaluated a re-evaluation based on a re-evaluation. mcdonald's re-evaluated a re-evaluation the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. taxable years begin after December 31, 1993. taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. taxable years begin after December 31, 1993. section 304 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. each political committee that makes expenditures with respect to an election shall not later than one week after the date on which such committee makes aggregate expenditures in excess of $50, so notify each candidate in the election.Section 315 of the federal election campaign Act of 1971 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. a candidate for the office of Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress may not accept contributions from individuals who are not residents of the State involved.Section 304 of the federal election campaign act of 1971 is amended by section 3. it is further amended by striking out ""$200"" each place it appears and inserting ""$50"" in lieu thereof. a fema spokesman has resigned from the act. Chapter 34 of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: Section 3407. Reduced third class mail rate for nonincumbents in House of Representatives elections. the rate provided for in subsection (a) shall be available for 3 mailings in the congressional district involved. the rate provided for in subsection (a) shall be available only for material mailed to households with resident registered voters."
1820,"<pad> summarize: if a licensee violates this chapter, the attorney general may suspend the license. if a violation is of a serious nature, a civil money penalty will not exceed $2,500 a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year Section 923(d) of title 18 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting after paragraph (1) the following. if the preliminary determination is to deny an application, the Attorney General shall notify the applicant in writing of the preliminary determination and the reasons for the preliminary determination. section 923(e) of title 18, United States Code, amended by section 2(a) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ""willfully' means, with respect to conduct of a person, that the person knew of a legal duty, and engaged in the conduct knowingly and in intentional disregard of the duty"" the Attorney General shall establish guidelines for how the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is to conduct inspections, examinations, or investigations of possible violations of chapter 40 and 44 of title 18, United States Code.inspector general of the department of justice conducts a review. report is not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. report includes the findings required by subsection (a) and recommendations if appropriate. Section 923(g)(1)(D) of title 18 is amended in the last sentence by inserting. information identifying a person who has purchased or received firearms or ammunition may not be so made available unless the agency involved has certified that the agency will not disclose the information to any entity other than a court, federal, State or local law enforcement agency.section 923 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a person whose license issued under this chapter is expired, surrendered, or revoked shall be afforded 60 days from the effective date of the expiration, surrender, or revocation to liquidate the firearms inventory of the person. paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to a person if a if the Attorney General is made aware that a business licensed under this chapter has transferred to a surviving spouse or child of the licensee. or to an executor, administrator, or other legal representative of a deceased licensee. before the transfer, the licensee is found to be operating the business in violation of this chapter, the Attorney General shall notify the transferee of the violation. section 922(m) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""any false entry"" and inserting ""a materially significant entry"" and ""properly maintain"" and ""retain custody of"" section 922(m) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ""appropriate entry"" Section 846 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end. each agency operating under the law of any State or political subdivision thereof that stores or keeps explosive materials shall submit to the Attorney General a written report that specifies each location at which the agency stores or keeps explosive materials. this Act and amendments made by this Act will take effect at the end of the 180-day period that begins with the date of the enactment of this Act. passed the house of representatives September 26, 2006. the amendments will take effect at the end of the 180-day period that begins with the date of the enactment. "
1821,<pad> summarize: tITLE II COUNTERMESSAGING TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS Section 201. tITLE IV PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING Section 401. tITLE IV PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING Section 401.
1822,<pad> summarize: Section 1838 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395q(b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. Section 1838 of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1395q(b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. Section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 1396d(p)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
1823,"<pad> summarize: the purpose of this Act is to provide that advisors who provide advice impermissible under the prohibited transaction provisions under section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 are subject to liability under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 'investment advice' means recommendation relating to advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing, or exchanging moneys or other property of such plan. a person providing the information discloses in writing to a plan fiduciary. a person providing the information discloses in writing to the plan fiduciary."
1824,"<pad> summarize: low-income families displaced from their residences in a designated disaster area as a result of Hurricane Katrina can return to their States, areas, or communities. the purpose of this Act is to allow low-income families who were displaced from their residences in a designated disaster area to return to their States, areas, or communities. ""designated disaster area"" means any area in the states of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. the term ""family"" includes a family of 1 or more persons. the term ""low-income family"" means a family whose income does not exceed 80 percent of the median income for the area. the Secretary is authorized to transfer, without payment, to a responsible administering entity for use in a homestead program approved by the Secretary. if such participating Federal agency doesn't dispose of such property within 18 months of the date of such conveyance, such property and its proceeds shall revert to the Secretary.the Secretary shall make such reviews and audits as may be necessary or appropriate to determine whether activities authorized to be carried out under this Act are carried out in accordance with the requirements of this Act and other applicable law. imposing a civil money penalty on the responsible administering entity or the transferee of such entity. no person in the u.s. shall be excluded from participation in the homestead program established under this Act. a homestead program established under this Act will be held on the grounds of race, color, national origin, religion, disability or sex.a waiver will not frustrate the goals of the National Environmental Policy Act or any other provision of law that further the goals of that Act. a waiver does not threaten the health or safety of the community involved by posing an immediate or long-term hazard.there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act a total of $300,000,000 for fiscal years 2006 through 2010. there is authorized to carry out this Act a total of $300,000,000 for fiscal years 2006 through 2010. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act a total of $300,000,000 for fiscal years 2006 through 2010. notice required under subsection (a) shall take effect upon issuance. the notice required under subsection (a) shall take effect upon issuance. final Regulations are issued based on notice required under subsection (a). a final regulation is issued based on the notice required under subsection (a).the Secretary shall not accept, transfer, or convey property under this Act after 5 years from the date of enactment of this Act. he shall not accept, transfer, or convey property under this Act. he shall not accept, transfer, or convey property under this Act."
1825,"<pad> summarize:.........................section 5307(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (D) by striking ""of less than 200,000"" and inserting ""of less than 200,000"" designated recipient may use not more than 50 percent of the funds made available to the designated recipient under this section."
1826,"<pad> summarize: if an affiliated group includes 1 or more domestic insurance companies subject to tax under section 801 of such Code, the common parent of such group may elect to treat all such insurance companies as corporations not includible corporations. the consolidated taxable income of the members of the group not taxed under such section 801 results in a consolidated net operating loss for such taxable year. the unused portion of such loss shall be available as a carryover,"
1827,"<pad> summarize: over 1,000,000 veterans attended institutions of higher education in 2014. veterans face unique challenges in transitioning from the battlefield to the classroom and eventually to the workforce. the national endowment for the humanities' Warrior- Scholar Project found that veteran students can feel lonely and vulnerable on campus. the unemployment rate for post-911 veterans far outpaces the overall non-veteran unemployment rate. veteran student center is staffed by trained employees and volunteers. the institution or consortia is located in a region or community that has a significant population of veterans. the institution or consortia is located in a region or community that has a significant population of veterans. institution of higher education received grant under section 873 of Higher Education Act of 1965. such section 873 was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. the institution of higher education shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant."
1828,"<pad> summarize: john avlon: fossil fuels have provided this country tremendous supply. avlon: hydrogen holds tremendous promise as a new and better energy source. avlon: a multiyear research initiative on efficient hydrogen fuel production and use is in order. avlon: a federal effort is wholly inadequate to the technically daunting task.the Secretary consults with the department of energy's Hydrogen Technical Advisory Panel as necessary in implementing this Act. he shall consult with the Department of Energy's Hydrogen Technical Advisory Panel established under section 108 of Public Law 101-566 as necessary in implementing this Act.the Secretary shall support industrial hydrogen energy production research and development in the following areas. he shall require at least 50 percent directly related to any research, development, or demonstration project under this Act to be provided from non-Federal sources. he shall also require that at least 50 percent of the non-Federal share of the costs related to any research, development, or demonstration project under this Act be provided. up to 5 percent may be used to support research on highly innovative energy technologies. up to 5 percent may be used to support research based on yet unproven scientific theory. amounts so transferred under this section shall not be subject to the requirements stated in section 4 of this Act. the Secretary fosters the exchange of generic, nonproprietary information and technology developed pursuant to section 4 or other similar Federal programs. the secretary shall foster the exchange of generic, nonproprietary information and technology. he shall foster the exchange between industry, academia, and the federal government with regard to the production and use of hydrogen.the provisions of chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code apply to United States companies as if they were small business firms under the provisions of such chapter 18 of title 35. for purposes of this Act, the provisions of such chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code shall apply to United States companies as if they were small business firms.enumeration of improvements that could be made to such programs and recommendations for legislation necessary to accomplish those improvements. enumeration of improvements that could be made to such programs. enumeration of improvements that could be made to such programs. enumeration of improvements that could be made.there are authorized to be appropriated for each of the fiscal years 1994 through 1998, to carry out the purposes of this Act $100,000,000. for fiscal year 1994, the amount authorized to be appropriated to carry out subtitle A of title XIII of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 shall be 175 percent of the amount appropriated for fiscal year 1994 under subsection (a) of this section."
1829,"<pad> summarize: diesel fuel prices have increased more than 50 per cent during the 1-year period between May 2007 and May 2008. laws governing Federal highway funding effectively impose a limit of 80,000 pounds on the weight of vehicles permitted to use highways on the Interstate System.the term ""covered Interstate System highway"" does not include any portion of a highway that is exempt from the requirements of subsection (a) of title 23 of title 23 of title 23 of title 23. the term ""interstate system"" has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code.if a State permits a vehicle described in subsection (b) to use a covered Interstate System highway in the state, it may not be reduced under section 127(a) of that title. this section shall apply at any time at which the weighted average price of retail number 2 diesel is $3.50 or more per gallon.u.s. Comptroller general of the united states will carry out a study. a study will be carried out under section 4. a study will be carried out on the effects of participation in the program.a state shall be considered to meet the conditions under this section if the Commissioner submits to the Secretary of Transportation a plan for use in meeting the conditions described in paragraphs (2) and (2). a highway safety committee is used to review the data collected pursuant to paragraph (3). ii) municipalities of the State; iii) organizations that have evaluation or promotion of highway safety among the principal purposes of the organizations; iii) commercial truck"
1830,"<pad> summarize: 'eligible individual' means an individual conscientiously opposed to participation in war in any form within the meaning of section 6(j) of such Act. a designation under subsection (a) may be made with respect to any taxable year either at the time of filing the return of the tax imposed by chapter 1 for such taxable year or at any other time specified in regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 'income tax liability' means the amount of subchapter C of chapter 11 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. the table of sections for subchapter C of chapter 11 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the estates of decedents dying after December 31, 1993. subchapter a of chapter 12 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. the table of contents for subchapter A of chapter 12 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section. Comptroller General shall determine and certify percentage of actual appropriations made for a military purpose with respect to such fiscal year. certification shall be published in the Congressional Record upon receipt by the Congress. there is hereby authorized to be appropriated each year a certain portion of the Fund for obligation and expenditure in accordance with the provisions of this Act. there is hereby authorized to be appropriated each year a certain portion of the Fund for obligation funds appropriated pursuant to section 7(b) shall be available to make grants, loans, or other arrangements for eligible activities described in subsection (c) the following activities are eligible to receive funds under subsection (a): Special Supplemental Food Program for Woman, Infants and Children (WIC). it is the intent of this Act that the Fund shall not operate to release funds for military expenditures. the term ""military purpose"" means any activity or program conducted, administered, or sponsored by an agency of the government. the term ""actual appropriations made for a military purpose"" includes, but is not limited to, amounts appropriated by the united states. if any section, subsection, or other provision of this Act, or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the remainder of this Act and the application of such section, subsection, or other provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. "
1831,"<pad> summarize: each review panel shall include at least one individual who is not professionally affiliated with any academic or research institution. each agency that awards a Federal research grant shall not accept recommendations from an applicant for such grant. each agency that awards a Federal research grant shall not disclose to an applicant for such grant.special inspector general and taxpayer Advocate for Research shall be head of office. there shall be at the head of the office described in paragraph (1). the office of the Special Inspector General and Taxpayer Advocate for Research is authorized to prescribe, in accordance with the provisions of chapters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code. federal research public access policy must be developed by federal agencies. each federal agency with annual extramural research expenditures of over $100,000,000 shall develop a federal research public access policy. each federal agency shall develop a policy consistent with and advances the purposes of the federal agency.any person or institution awarded a federal grant must submit a statement to the head of the agency that awarded the federal grant. a subgrant or subsequent subgrant or subsequent grant award funded with funds derived from the federal grant is within the scope of the Federal grant award.each application for a federal grant shall be made publicly available. despite any other provision of law, each application for a federal grant shall be made publicly available. a federal grant may not be granted a federal grant. each Federal agency, in awarding grants for scientific research, shall be impartial. unless otherwise stated, each Federal agency shall not seek to advance any political position. a predetermined conclusion will not be reached. a predetermined conclusion will not be reached. "
1832,"<pad> summarize: fire caused $8,900,000,000 in direct property damage in 2001. 99 firefighters were killed in 2001, excluding terrorist acts on 9/11. nfl has no record of a fire killing more than 2 people in a completely sprinklered public assembly, educational, institutional or residential building. section 168(g)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following. the term <unk> automated fire sprinkler system' means those sprinkler systems placed in service after the date of the enactment of this clause."
1833,<pad> summarize: a mining townsite in the state of nebraska is deemed to be valid. a county that receives a mining townsite shall reconvey the property. a county that receives a mining townsite under subsection (d) shall reconvey the property. a county that receives the mining townsite under subsection (d) shall reconvey the property.
1834,"<pad> summarize: Section 811 of the Public Health Service Act is amended in subsection (b) by striking ""R. N. Master's"" and inserting ""clinical nurse leaders,"" before ""or public health nurses"" by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections and (h), respectively. the term ""nurse- managed health clinic' means a nurse-practice arrangement, managed by advanced practice nurses. section 831 of the Public Health Service Act is amended by striking ""and quality"" and inserting ""2021"" in subsection (i)(1) of section 846. section 831 of the public health service act is amended by striking ""and quality"" and inserting ""2021"""
1835,"<pad> summarize: there is established in the Executive Office of the president the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives. there is established in the Executive Office of the president the office of faith-based and community initiatives. ESTABLISHMENT.the head of the Office shall be the Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives. the individual serving as the Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives on the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as Interim Director until such time as a Director is appointed by the President in accordance with subsection. the Director shall develop, lead, and coordinate policies with respect to faith-based and community initiatives. support faith-based and community initiatives, especially those serving at-risk youth, ex-offenders, the homeless and hungry, substance abusers, those with HIV and AIDS, and welfare-to-work families. the president shall assign to the Office such officers in addition to the Director. the president may appoint such employees as necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. the president may appoint such employees as necessary to carry out the functions of the Office."
1836,"<pad> summarize: a credit is allowed against the tax imposed by this chapter 50 percent of the qualified elder care expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer as exceeds $1,000. the term <unk> qualified elder care expenses' does not include any expense to the extent such expense is compensated for by insurance or otherwise. the term <unk> respite care' means planned or emergency care provided to a qualified senior citizen in order to provide temporary relief to a caregiver of such senior citizen"
1837,"<pad> summarize: a covered federal cash benefit program is enacted for purposes of this section. the term ""covered Federal cash benefit program"" means a federal program providing Social Security benefits. it means the first month beginning after the earlier of 120 days after the date of the enactment. effective february 1, 2010, there is rescinded the amount determined by the director of the office of management and budget to be required to offset the increase in spending resulting from the provisions of section 2. the rescission shall be applied proportionately to each discretionary account. and within each such account, to each program, project, and activity."
1838,"<pad> summarize: disproportionate number of nursing vacancies in u.s. is exacerbated by rapid population growth. major hospital systems spend hundreds of millions a year recruiting foreign nurses under current immigration system. current law requires health care providers to sponsor desired nurses while the nurses remain outside of the united states. this cost is passed on to consumers and adds to the rising cost of health care. a nonimmigrant alien is eligible to be granted nonimmigrant status. a petition for an alien has been filed under section 101(a)(15)(W). a petition for an alien has been filed under section 101(a)(15)(W) is amended by striking ""(L) or (V)"" and inserting ""(V), or (W)"" regulations promulgated to carry out amendments made by section 3. the amendments will take effect 90 days after enactment of this Act. if the regulations promulgated under subsection (a) are in effect on such date.this Act is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under article I, section 8, clause 4 to establish a uniform rule naturalization. under article I, section 8, clause 18 of the united states constitution. if you are a member of congress, you may be a member of congress. "
1839,"<pad> summarize: the federal financial institutions examination council estimated the burden to be as high as $17,000,000,000. this regulatory burden cost is draining capital from financial institutions and significantly contributing to the lack of available credit for small businesses. the president should be given the authority to provide immediate credit relief to all sectors of the economy, especially credit worthy small businesses.this Act authorizes the president to increase the availability of credit. it is intended to enhance the economic recovery and provide sustained noninflationary economic growth. this Act impose unnecessarily burdensome costs on insured depository institutions.the term ""insured depository institution"" has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. the term ""insured depository institution"" has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. the president may suspend the applicability of any Federal law affecting insured depository institutions or depository institution holding companies. if a determination is made, the law, regulation, or guideline is not as effective in achieving its intended purpose as other available alternatives that would impose lesser costs on financial institutions, their customers, or the economy. a law, regulation, or guideline is to be suspended. he must consult with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Comptroller of the Currency and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision.repercussions of monetary policy are based on race, sex, national origin, marital status, or age. repercussions of monetary policy are based directly on conduct of monetary policy.this Act shall be effective on the date of its enactment. it will be effective on the date of its enactment. if enacted, the act will be effective on the date of its enactment.the authority of the President to suspend any law, regulation, or guideline shall terminate on January 1, 1997. if a law, regulation, or guideline is suspended under this Act, it shall terminate on January 1, 1997. "
1840,"<pad> summarize: telecommunications services are likely to become an increasingly pervasive presence in the lives of all Americans. telecommunications networks lack sufficiently open architecture, sufficient capacity, and adequate nondiscriminatory access terms. telecommunications carriers respond to marketplace forces and therefore are most likely to exclude members of the public whose voices are most likely to be excluded by private telecommunications carriers. telecommunications networks may not be required to reserve capacity in excess of 20 percent of capacity. telecommunications networks may not be required to reserve capacity in excess of 20 percent. telecommunications networks may not be required to reserve capacity in excess of 20 percent. telecommunications infrastructure fund will be established 365 days after promulgation. "
1841,"<pad> summarize: responsibilities of the Bureau of Indian Affairs are to encourage and assist Indian people to manage their own affairs under the trust relationship between Indians and the Federal Government. the unique roles and responsibilities of Indian women contribute culturally, socially, and economically to the well-being of Indian people. the unique roles and responsibilities of Indian women contribute culturally, socially, and economically to the well-being of Indian people. to establish an office to serve as a focal point for all Federal Government policy issues affecting Indian women and families. to collect data related to the specific roles, concerns, and needs of Indian women, and Indian families. to enhance the economic and social participation of Indian women and families in all levels of planning, decisionmaking, and policy development. the term ""Indian woman"" means a member of an Indian tribe. the term ""Indian tribe"" means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community. it is recognized as eligible for special programs and services provided by the united states.the office shall be under the management of a director, who shall be appointed by the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs. the Director shall report directly to the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs. a vacancy in the position of Director shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the position of Director shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made.the Office develops a Policy Paper for Indian women and families. it will serve as a guideline for systematically integrating Indian women and families issues into the Bureau of Indian Affairs policies, programs, projects, and activities. it will establish and detail indicators and benchmarks for measuring the success of the Office.policy task force to be established in the Bureau of Indian Affairs. task force terminates 14 months following the date of enactment of this Act. task force will include representatives from federal agencies and departments, relevant Indian organizations, State agencies and organizations, Indian tribal governments, institutions of higher education. Assistant Secretary of INDIAN AFFAIRS Ensures that the Office receives adequate resources to carry out the purposes of this Act relating to the improvement of policies and programs of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Ensure that senior-level staff members and other employees are participants in and responsible for assisting in carrying out the purposes of this Act relating to the improvement of policies and programs. the secretary of the interior, acting through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, shall, on or before March 15 of each of the 2 calendar years next following the calendar year in which this Act is enacted. such report shall include, but not be limited to, information relative to the current status of progress of the Bureau of Indian Affairs' policy on Indian women and Indian families.AUTHORIZATIONS are authorized to be appropriated for carrying out the provisions of this Act, $2,000,000 a year a year a year a year a year a year a year a year. "
1842,"<pad> summarize: rural education is becoming an increasingly large and important part of the United States public school system. rural students represent a demographic minority in all but 3 states. in school year 2008-2009, rural students attended 31,635 rural schools, nearly one-third of all schools in the united states.the Department of Education Organization Act is amended by adding at the end the following. the office shall be headed by a Director, who shall advise the Secretary on the characteristics and needs of rural schools and the effects of current policies and proposed statutory, regulatory, administrative, and budgetary changes on state educational agencies and local educational agencies. if the Secretary promulgates an initial regulatory impact analysis, the Secretary shall prepare and make available for public comment."
1843,"<pad> summarize: congress makes the following findings. a month later, the first atmospheric test at the Nevada Test Site was detonated. the Nevada Test Site has served, and continues to serve, as the premier research, testing, and development site for the nuclear defense capabilities of the United States. the employee contracted an occupational illness, basal cell carcinoma or chronic lymphocytic leukemia. during such employment was present during an atmospheric or underground nuclear test or performed drillbacks, tunnel re-entry, or clean-up work. a final decision issued in the case of claims pending as of the date of the enactment of this Act, not later than 30 days after such date."
1844,<pad> summarize:.........................entrepreneurship education is a viable career option for young people. entrepreneurship education helps to increase the motivation of young people to learn. entrepreneurship education helps to increase the motivation of young people to learn. entrepreneurship education is based on the concept of lifelong learning.
1845,"<pad> summarize: paragraph (4) of section 40(a) of such Code is amended by inserting ""and algae-based"" after ""cellulosic"" in the heading. the term <unk> algae-based biofuel' means a mixture of algae-based biofuel and gasoline. the term <unk> algae-based biofuel' means any liquid fuel produced from algal organisms. if a person produces a qualified biofuel"
1846,"<pad> summarize: Section 1710(e)(3)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""2 years"" and inserting ""5 years"" section 1710(e)(3)(C) of title 38, United States Code."
1847,"<pad> summarize: eric liu: emergence of a militarily powerful China that seeks to dominate East Asia would be regarded as a matter of serious concern to the United States. liu: the emergence of a militarily powerful China that seeks to dominate East Asia would be regarded as a matter of serious concern by the United States and other countries in the Asia-Pacific region. liu: if u. u.s. should continue a steady and comprehensive policy of pressing for increased adherence to international norms, especially those concerning internationally recognized human rights. u.s. should expand broadcasting to China, through the Voice of America and Radio Free Asia. u.s. should work through available multilateral fora to express concerns about human rights in China.u.s. should consider the circumstances under which it is appropriate to provide financial support to organizations and individuals in china. u.s. government authorizes Appropriations for fiscal year 1995. up to $1,000,000 is authorized to be available for programs to carry out the objectives outlined in subsection (a)if international humanitarian organizations undertake activities related to the treatment of prisoners, the President should make available an additional contribution to those organizations to support such activities. if he does not participate, he should also contribute. he should also contribute.Congress endorses president Clinton's efforts to work with the leaders of the business community to develop voluntary principles that could be adapted by United States companies doing business in china to further advance human rights. Congress urges the President to encourage other governments to adopt similar principles to govern the activities of their business organizations with activities in China. PERIODIC REPORTS: not more than 180 days after date of enactment of this Act. report reviews activities supported by the united states government. enactment of this Act and annually for the 2 subsequent years. the president is authorized to establish a United States commission on law and society in the People's Republic of china. to monitor developments in China with respect to: the development of the Chinese legal system. to engage in an ad hoc dialogue with Chinese individuals and nongovernmental organizations who have an interest in the subjects indicated in paragraph (1). to make recommendations to the President on United States policy toward China in promoting the objectives identified in section 4(a) "
1848,<pad> summarize: Section 44903 of title 49 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. Exceptions: the following individuals shall not be prohibited by paragraph (1) from possessing a firearm at a covered airport. a person who knowingly possesses a firearm at a covered airport shall be fined under this title.
1849,"<pad> summarize: cnn.com's edward scott: the constitution has enumerated the executive power of the united states. scott: by delegating legislative, executive, and judicial powers to various administrative agencies, Congress has departed from the separation of powers structure of the United States Constitution. scott: a ""criminal offense"" created or clarified is not valid unless the offense ""is fully and completely defined Title 1 of the United States Code, shall be amended by inserting at the end of chapter 2 a new chapter, 2B titled ""SEPARATION OF POWERS,"" including section 101. no bills passed by Congress shall contain any <unk> delegation of legislative powers' whatsoever. a prohibited <unk> delegation of legislative powers' in this section shall include: (a) the creation or clarification of any criminal or civil offense.Title 1 of the United States Code shall be amended by adding to new said chapter 2B. no bill shall become law, nor enforced or applied as law unless Congress complied fully with the requirements of Section 101(A) and (B) of Chapter 2B of Title 1 of the United States Code. any person aggrieved by any action of any executive officer or administration agency pursuant to any statute that does not comply with the provisions of this Act if any provision of this Act, or the application thereof, is held invalid for any reason in any court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity does not affect other provisions or other applications of this Act which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application. for this purpose the provisions of this Act are declared severable. "
1850,"<pad> summarize: radio Free Asia provides a vital and unique voice to people in Asia. some of the governments in Asia spend millions of dollars each year to jam RFA's broadcasts, block its Internet sites, and illegally access RFA's computer networks and user files. Section 309 of the united states international Broadcasting Act of 1994 is amended in subsection (c)(2), by striking subsection (f) and by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsection and (g), respectively."
1851,"<pad> summarize: a religious organization may segregate federal funds provided under this title. a religious organization may segregate federal funds provided under this title. a religious organization may not discriminate against a religious organization. a religious organization may segregate federal funds provided under this title. Section 255(h) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended. it is inserted in the section 255(h) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act.the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1995. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1995. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1995. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1995. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 1995."
1852,"<pad> summarize: Section 428H(e)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 USC. 1078-8(e)(2)) is amended in subparagraph (A), by inserting ""Except as provided in subparagraph (C),"" before ""Interest on"" section 428(b)(1)(M), for a period of deferment granted to a borrower on or after the date of enactment of the Graduate Success Act."
1853,"<pad> summarize: fda has declared emergency contraception safe and effective in preventing unintended pregnancies for women of reproductive potential. emergency contraception can reduce the risk of pregnancy by as much as 89 percent. emergency contraception can be effective up to 5 days after unprotected intercourse or contraceptive failure. emergency contraception does not cause abortion and will not affect an established pregnancies. emergency contraception information program for health care providers. the information disseminated under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, information describing the use, safety, efficacy, and availability of emergency contraception. the term ""emergency contraception"" means a drug or device. "
1854,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of health and human services shall award grants to states. to be eligible to receive a grant under this section a State shall prepare and submit an application at such time, in such manner. a state shall prepare and submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information. an entity shall be an independent, nonprofit entity with demonstrated experience in serving the needs of health care consumers. the entity is independent of health insurance plans, companies, providers, payers, and regulators of care. the entity must be able to operate as the health insurance consumer office for the state under this Act.an entity that enters into a contract with a State under this Act shall use amounts received under the contract to establish and operate a health insurance consumer office. if the State fails to enter into a contract under subsection (a), the Secretary shall withhold amounts to be provided to the State under this Act and use such amounts to enter into the contract described in paragraph (1) for the State. a health insurance consumer office established under this Act shall provide information relating there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you can use this information to make an informed decision. "
1855,"<pad> summarize: a state, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision complies with a detainer issued by the Department of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. if the actions of the officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the detainer no liability shall lie against the State or political subdivision of a the term ""sanctuary jurisdiction"" means any State or political subdivision of a State. it prohibits any government entity or official from sending, receiving, maintaining, or exchanging with any federal, state, or local government entity information relating to citizenship or immigration status of any individual. or complying with a request lawfully made by the Department of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to comply.section 201(b) of public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended. section 205(a) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 is amended. Section 205(a) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 USC. 3143(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ""a sanctuary jurisdiction may not be deemed an eligible recipient under this subsection"""
1856,"<pad> summarize: there shall be in the Department an Office of Peaceful Coexistence and Nonviolent Conflict Resolution, the head of which shall be the Assistant Secretary for Peaceful Coexistence and Nonviolent Conflict Resolution. there shall be in the Department an Office of Human Rights and Economic Rights, the head of which shall be the Assistant Secretary for peaceful coexistence and nonviolent conflict resolution. the Assistant Secretary for peaceful coexistence and Nonviolent Conflict Resolution shall study the impact of war"
1857,"<pad> summarize: study: high-quality early childhood education and care is key to future success. a study by the Learning Policy Institute found early childhood practitioners feel poorly equipped to teach early STEM skills. u.s. government has called for increased access to early childhood education. u.s. government has called for increased access to early childhood education.eligible entities shall award grants to assist early childhood education programs in carrying out early childhood STEM programs activities. eligible entities shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may request. the term ""institution of higher education"" has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965."
1858,<pad> summarize: Activation of the Corps is not required to carry out non-emergency functions. Activation is not required for the Corps to carry out non-emergency functions. a volunteer may apply for membership in the Corps through qualified entities. a qualified entity shall carry out education and training activities and maintain pertinent information as required under subsection (2).
1859,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE: establish a program to provide confidential assistance to small business concerns. establish a program to provide confidential assistance to small business concerns. create a partnership between federal agencies to increase outreach efforts to small business concerns with respect to regulatory compliance. definitions set forth in section 36(a) shall apply. in this Act, the definitions set forth in section 36(a) of the Small Business Act shall apply. if you are a small business owner, you may be a small business owner.a participating Small Business Development Center may be eligible to receive assistance if the center is certified under section 21(a)(3)(A) the administrator may waive the certification requirement set forth in paragraph (1) if a small business development center is eligible to receive assistance under the program. a participating Small Business Development Center shall be eligible to receive assistance under the program only if the center is certified under section 21(k)(2). the Administrator shall promulgate final regulations to carry out this Act. regulations establish priorities for the types of assistance to be provided under the program. standards relating to educational, technical, and support services to be provided by participating Small Business Development Centers. standards relating to the educational, technical, and professional competency of any expert or other assistance provider to whom a small business concern may be referred for compliance assistance. Section 21(c) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 648(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: Privacy requirements. the Administrator shall require such disclosure if ordered to do so by a court in any civil or criminal action. if the Administrator considers it necessary while undertaking a financial audit of a Small Business Development Center, the Administrator shall require such disclosure. "
1860,"<pad> summarize: Section 105 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following: (1) In the case of a participant or beneficiary who is entitled to a distribution of a benefit under an employee pension benefit plan, the administrator of such plan shall provide to the participant or beneficiary the information described in paragraph (2) upon the written request of the participant or beneficiary. the information described in this paragraph includes a worksheet explaining how the amount of the distribution was calculated and Section 501(c) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 USC. 1132(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: The Secretary may assess a civil penalty of not more than $100 a day for each violation by any administrator of section 104(b) or 105. section 3(7) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 is amended. it inserts ""who was, is, or may become"" and ""who was, is, or may become"". if you are unsure, please contact us. Section 503 is amended by inserting ""(a) In general. "" after ""Section 503."" the Secretary shall establish a model alternative dispute resolution procedure to be adopted by any plan at its discretion for appeals of plan benefits claims denials to which subsection (a) applies. the Secretary may reduce or waive a fee under subparagraph (B) on the basis of inability to pay. "
1861,"<pad> summarize: Section 105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended in subparagraph (C), by striking ""and"" at the end. by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraphs. Section 141(b)(3) of the Trade Act of 1974 is amended. it is amended by adding at the end: ""the Trade Representative shall ensure that the individual who is appointed the Chief Transparency Officer does not, because of any other position the individual holds or otherwise, have, or appear to have any conflict of interest"""
1862,"<pad> summarize: arsenic is a natural component of the earth's crust. it is widely and variably distributed throughout the environment in the air, water, and land. it is also used commercially in herbicides and poultry feed. the minimum quantity established under subsection (a) shall apply to rice and rice products containing inorganic arsenic regardless of whether the arsenic is present as a result of a natural process, an ingredient added to a food, the use of a pesticide, or other means. the regulation under subsection (a) shall include the establishment of a tolerance under section 406 and section 408 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act the report under subsection (a) shall include an analysis of the agronomy and production management practices that will reduce inorganic arsenic in rice. the report under subsection (a) shall include an analysis of the agronomy and production management practices that will reduce inorganic arsenic in rice. recommendations for actions by the Federal Government in order to reduce the presence of inorganic arsenic in rice grown in the united"
1863,"<pad> summarize: tens of thousands of people are killed and tens of billions of dollars of property are lost every year as a result of disasters. early warning is one of the most effective ways to save lives and protect property. tens of thousands of people are killed and tens of billions of dollars of property are lost every year. PURPOSE aims to establish u.s. program to provide technical and financial support to foreign countries. u.s. program to provide technological and financial support to foreign countries for development of effective public warning systems for all-hazard events.the term ""all-hazard event"" means an emergency or disaster resulting from a natural disaster. or an accident or intentional or negligent act that causes widespread damage or harm. effective public warning means practical, comprehensible, and timely information.the secretary of state shall conduct a study that determines the extent to which departments and agencies of the government of the united states have well established procedures for disseminating that data. he examines the feasibility of the Department of State directly contacting foreign media organizations with information relating to all-hazard events if such information could be used to mitigate the effects of the hazards in foreign countries. the president, acting through the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide assistance. such programs should be to establish and support the communications infrastructure necessary to provide effective public warnings. the goals of such programs should be to provide assistance to establish and support the communications infrastructure necessary to provide effective public warnings. a broaden the scope of research programs of warning system research programs established under sections 7403 and 7404. there are authorized to be appropriated to the President to carry out this Act $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2010. amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. "
1864,"<pad> summarize: the electronic fund transfer Act is amended by redesignating sections 918, 919, 920, 921 and 922 respectively. no fee may be imposed in connection with any electronic fund transfer initiated by a consumer unless a notice is provided to the consumer. the consumer may cancel the transaction without paying the fee."
1865,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 105 of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended in the section heading. it is amended in subsection (a) by inserting ""and border"" after ""internal"" the second place it appears. a federal bureau of investigation may suspend the arrangement for providing access."
1866,"<pad> summarize:.........................c) of section 1016 of such Code is amended by inserting after section 25A the following new item. c) of section 1016 of such Code is amended by striking ""section 1400C"" and inserting ""sections 25B and 1400C"", and by adding at the end thereof the following new item."
1867,"<pad> summarize: if a taxpayer who has attained age 60 has a net capital gain, then the tax imposed by this section shall not exceed the sum of a tax computed at the rates and in the same manner as if this subsection hadn't been enacted on the taxable income reduced by the net capital gain. if one spouse meets the age requirement, both spouses shall be treated as meeting such requirement. if one spouse meets the age requirement paragraph (1) of section 55(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph. reduction in tax on capital gains of senior citizens. in the case of an individual who meets the age requirement of section 1(i), subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) shall be applied as if it read as follows. if an indexed retirement asset has been held for more than 5 years it shall be substituted for adjusted basis. the deduction for depreciation, depletion, and amortization shall be determined without regard to the application of paragraph (1) to the taxpayer or any other person. the applicable inflation ratio shall not be taken into account unless it is greater than 1.Section 1211 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at end thereof the following new subsection: Indexation of Limitation on Senior Citizen Taxpayers. in applying subsection (b) to an individual who meets the age requirement of section 1(i), the $3,000 and $1,500 amounts under subsection (b)(1) shall be increased by an amount equal to such dollar amount, multiplied by the applicable inflation adjustment for the calendar year in which the taxable the amendments made by this Act shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1992. the amendments shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1992. the amendments will apply if you are a resident."
1868,"<pad> summarize: section 41(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end: Exception for certain research. paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply in the case of any qualified research expenses if the research has as one of its purposes the reducing, avoiding, or sequestering of greenhouse gas emissions. the amendment made by subsection (a) applies with respect to amounts paid or incurred after the date of enactment of this Act Section 46 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (2), by inserting "", and"", and by adding at the end the following: the greenhouse gas emissions facilities credit"" for any taxable year is the applicable percentage of the qualified investment in a greenhouse gas emissions facility for such taxable year. for purposes of subsection (a), the applicable percentage is one-half of the percentage reduction, avoidance, or sequestration"
1869,"<pad> summarize: qualifying veterans are eligible for a graduate or post-graduate degree in behavioral health sciences. a qualifying veteran may participate in the scholarship program if the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is unable to complete satisfactory terms. a qualifying veteran may participate in the scholarship program.qualifying former members of the Armed Forces may be employed as civilian employee. qualifying former members of the Armed Forces may be employed by the Secretary. a qualifying former member of the Armed Forces may be employed as a civilian employee. a qualifying former member of the Armed Forces may be employed by the Secretary. Section 1712A of title 38, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), respectively. Upon receipt of a request for counseling under this section from any individual who has been discharged or released from active military, naval, or air service but who is not otherwise eligible for such counseling.Section 1712A of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 4, is further amended by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections and (h), respectively. the secretary shall furnish the member through a center the following. in the case of a member of a regular component of the Armed Forces, readjustment counseling and related mental health services authorized to be provided under this section.suicide of a former member of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) occurs during the two-year period beginning on the date of the separation or retirement of the former member from the Armed Forces. a former member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is any former member of the Armed Forces with a medical history of a combat-related mental health condition. a former member of the Armed forces described in this subsection the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct a review and assessment of the programs of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. each report shall set forth the results of the review and assessment concerned and shall include such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly consider appropriate. "
1870,"<pad> summarize: coastal ecosystems are highly dynamic areas that provide valuable breeding, nursery, staging, and resting areas for a rich diversity of fish, shellfish, migratory birds, and mammals. human populations in coastal areas are projected to increase by approximately 25 percent, along with associated development and activities that threaten the health of coastal ecosystems.the term ""coastal area"" includes a coastal wetland or wetland or watershed. the term ""coastal ecosystem"" means an ecological community that provides fish and wildlife habitat in coastal areas. the term ""coastal habitat assessment"" means the process of evaluating the physical, chemical, and biological function of a coastal site to determine the value of the site to fish and wildlife. the term ""coastal habitat enhancement"" means the process of the Secretary shall carry out the Coastal Program within the Service to identify the most important natural resource problems and solutions in priority coastal ecosystems in partnership with Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, nongovernmental institutions, nonprofit organizations, and private individuals or corporate entities. to provide technical and financial support through partnerships with Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, nongovernmental institutions, nonprofit organizations, and private individuals or corporate entities.Coastal Program is administered by the Secretary. a volunteer program will provide service opportunities to youths. a volunteer program will also be employed. a volunteer program will also be used. a volunteer program will also be used.the Secretary shall submit to the committees on Appropriations and Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Coastal Program carried out under this Act. the report shall assess, as of the date of submission of the report, on statewide and nationwide bases the state of coastal ecosystems. progress made toward identifying the most important natural resource problems and solutions in priority there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015. there are authorized to carry out this Act such sums as are necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015."
1871,"<pad> summarize: the term ""map"" means a National Flood Insurance Program rate map. the term ""Secretary"" means the under Secretary for emergency preparedness and response. the term ""Under Secretary"" means the Under Secretary for emergency Preparedness and Response, acting through the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.Section 1360 of the national flood insurance act of 1968 is amended in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following. in subsection (g), by striking ""to the identification"" and all that follows through the end of the subsection. in subsection (g), by inserting ""to the identification"" and all that follows through the end of the subsection. the Under Secretary shall establish a program under which the Under Secretary shall review, update, and maintain rate maps in accordance with this subsection. each map updated under this subsection shall include a depiction of the 500-year floodplain. each map updated under this subsection shall include a depiction of the 500-year floodplain. ii) areas that could be inundated as a result of the failure of a levee, to identify levees for the national flood insurance program, the Secretary shall maintain and periodically publish an inventory of levees in the united states. nhs inspector general will maintain and periodically publish an inventory of levees. "
1872,"<pad> summarize: ensuring responsible public service requires no individuals be permitted to use an elected office or public employment for personal gain or for the advancement of the interests of a foreign governments, foreign corporations, and special interests. the creation of a code of ethics and conduct which is uniform and harmonized for all legislative and executive branch officials and personnel will enhance public confidence in their government.a person who has served as president, vice president, chief of staff, or senior adviser on the staff of the white house will be prohibited from representing for pay any foreign government or any corporation or corporation. to eliminate a perception that individuals enter or engage in public service for future private gain, any person who has served in any capacity in the executive or legislative branches or any position in the military services will be prohibited from lobbying the United States Government in any capacity including that of attorney foreIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT of 1938 is amended by striking ""or"" and inserting ""or"" within the United States makes oral or written contact with a legislative or executive branch official. the administration, execution, or enforcement of any Federal program or policy, except for written comments filed in a public docket.section 207(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2). a person who knowingly represents a foreign principal before any officer or employee of the United States. the officers and employees subject to the restrictions set forth in subparagraph (A) are the president.Section 207 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(2) by striking ""Two-year"" in the caption and inserting ""Five-year"" and striking ""2 years"" and inserting ""5 years"" Section 101(f)(3) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 is amended by inserting before "". ""any commissioned officer in the Armed Forces who is serving on the staff of a general or flag officer"" section 109(13) is amended in subparagraph (B)(i) by striking ""GS-16"" and inserting ""GS-14""Section 8312 of title 5, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a) in paragraph (1) by striking ""or"" after the semicolon. in subsection (a) in subparagraph (A) by striking ""and"" after the semicolon. in subsection (a) in subparagraph (B) by striking ""and"" after the semicolon. "
1873,"<pad> summarize: some 3,000,000 to 6,000,000 american citizens live permanently or temporarily. 576,000 federal employees and their overseas dependents live outside the 50 states. 576,000 members of the armed services, their dependents, other employees of the federal government and their dependents live permanently or temporarily.Section 102 is amended by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows. use the official post card form for simultaneous voter registration and absentee ballot application. if the application is received by the appropriate State election official not less than 30 days before the election. if the application is received by the appropriate State election official. section 102 is amended by inserting ""(a) In General. "" before ""Each State"" a State may not refuse to count an absentee ballot submitted in an election for Federal office. a state may not refuse to count an absentee ballot submitted in an election for Federal office. Section 102 of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Other Requirements and Prohibitions. Response to submitted materials. applications for voter registration and absentee ballot request. if the State refuses to accept the ballot, shall immediately notify the voter as to whether or not the State has received the ballot. if the State refuses to accept the ballot, Section 101(b)(1) of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (42 USC. 1973ff(b)(1) is amended by striking the semicolon at the end of paragraph. section 102(b) of such Act (42 USC. 1973ff-1(b)), as amended by section 3(a), is further amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph. if the State a separate uniformed services voter must be treated in the same manner as an absent uniformed services voter. a separate uniformed services voter must vote with respect to any election occurring during the 60-day period which begins on the date the individual becomes a separated uniformed services voter.the Presidential designee must make a payment to each eligible State. a State is eligible to receive a payment under this section. the application is based on such information and assurances. a state is eligible to receive a payment under this section.amendments made by sections 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 apply to elections occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. elections occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will apply with regard to elections occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1874,"<pad> summarize: LOAN FORGIVENESS FOR SERVICE AS AN EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATOR. the purpose of this section are to encourage highly trained individuals to enter and continue in service as early childhood educators. the Secretary is authorized to forgive, in accordance with this section, the student loan obligation of a borrower in the amount specified in subsection (c)"
1875,"<pad> summarize: Ticket Taxes. Persons Clause (ii) of section 4261(j)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""July 22, 2011"" and inserting ""September 16, 2011"" Effective date. the amendment shall take effect on July 23, 2011.paragraph (1) of section 9502(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""July 23, 2011"" and inserting ""September 17, 2011"" the amendments will take effect on July 23, 2011. if amended by this section. Section 48103 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (8) and inserting: $3,380,178,082 for the period beginning on October 1, 2010, and ending on September 16, 2011. sums made available pursuant to the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be obligated at any time through September 30, 2011, and shall remain available until expended.Section 40117(l)(7) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ""July 23, 2011"" and inserting ""September 17, 2011"" Section 44303(b) of such title is amended by striking ""October 31, 2011,"" and inserting ""December 31, 2011,"" Section 47107(s)(3) of such title is amended by striking ""July 23, 2011,"" Section 41731 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in subparagraph (A) by redesignating clauses (i) through as subclauses (I) through (III), respectively. in clause (i)(I) by inserting ""(A)"" before ""(i)(I)"" "
1876,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall prescribe regulations to notify all veterans potentially exposed to any biological or chemical agent, simulant, tracer, or decontaminant during Project 112 of such potential exposure. not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs all records of active duty personnel and reservists potentially exposed to any biological or chemical agent, simulant, tracer,"
1877,"<pad> summarize: the head of the department or agency shall forward, at least 20 days prior to the publication of any solicitation for goods or services in Commerce Business Daily a draft of such solicitation to the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. if the Administrator concludes that the draft solicitation would result in a bundled contract, the head of the department or agency may not publish the solicitation until the department or agency head undertakes market research for the proposed bundled contract. the Section 15(h) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 644(h)) is amended by adding at the end: Restriction on bundling of contract requirements. if a report submitted under subsection (h)(2) includes a finding that an agency failed to attain any goal described in subsection (g)(2), the agency may not award a contract that is determined to be a bundled contract under section 2 or solicit offers for a"
1878,"<pad> summarize: ice pack is rapidly diminishing and thinning. changes are opening new portions of the United States Arctic continental shelf. changes are opening new portions of the United States Arctic continental shelf to development. ice pack is rapidly diminishing and thinning. ice pack is rapidly diminishing and thinning.the term 'coastal political subdivision' means a county- equivalent subdivision of the state. the closest point is not more than 300 statute miles from the geographical center of any leased tract. the term 'distance' means an Alaska Native entity recognized and eligible to receive services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. the term 'leased tract' means a tract leased under this Act for the purpose of drilling, developing, and producing oil or natural gas"
1879,"<pad> summarize: repressive governments often use torture as a weapon against democracy. many refugees and asylees entering the united states have been victims of torture. the development of a treatment movement for torture survivors has created new opportunities. the term ""torture"" has the meaning given the term in section 2340(1) of title 18, United States Code. it includes the use of rape and other forms of sexual violence by a person acting under the color of law upon another person under his custody or physical control.u.s. policy not to expel, extradite, or otherwise effect the return of any person to a country in which there are substantial grounds for believing the person would be subjected to torture, regardless of whether the person is physically present in the United States. regulations are prescribed to implement the obligations of the United States under Article 3 of the United Nations Convention Against Torture and other forms of Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punish an alien described in subsection (a) is any alien who presents a claim of having been subjected to torture. an asylum officer or immigration judge shall postpone an asylum interview or removal proceeding. if evidence indicates a delay in making a determination regarding the granting of asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nationality Act would not aggravate the physical or psychological effects of torture upon the alien.the Attorney General shall provide training for immigration inspectors and examiners, immigration officers, asylum officers, immigration judges, and all other relevant officials of the department of justice. the secretary of state shall provide training for consular officers, with respect to the identification of torture. a gender-specific training shall be provided on the subject of interacting with women and men who are victims of torture by rape.Section 412 of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: Assistance for Treatment of Torture Victims. the Secretary may provide grants to programs in the united states to cover the cost of the following services: Services for the rehabilitation of victims of torture.amendments to foreign assistance act of 1961 include a new section 129. grants to treatment centers and programs in foreign countries that are carrying out projects or activities specifically designed to treat victims of torture for the physical and psychological effects of the torture.u.s. president should request the Fund to find new ways to support and protect treatment centers and programs that are carrying out rehabilitative services for victims of torture. use the voice and vote of the united states to support the work of the Special Rapporteur on Torture and the Committee Against Torture established under the Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment. use the voice and vote of"
1880,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of the interior may issue regulations to prevent evasion of the fee under this section. the fee shall apply to federal onshore and offshore lands that are subject to a lease for production of oil or natural gas under which production is not occurring. the fee shall apply with respect to lands that are subject to such a lease that is in effect on the date final regulations are promulgated under this subsection. there shall be deposited into the Fund amounts received by the United States. the funds shall be available, subject to appropriations, as follows each fiscal year: wind energy research and development. $65,000,000 for necessary expenses for a program to support the development of next-generation wind turbines. $100,000,000 for necessary expenses for a program to accelerate the research, development, demonstration, and deployment of solar energy technologies. "
1881,"<pad> summarize: OPEC members met in march 2000 to rebuild crude stocks depleted by winter heating demand. crude oil stocks are 31,000,000 barrels above the lowest operational inventories ever observed in recent times and 20,000,000 barrels under the normal range for the month of June. the extent to which each international financial institution supports or otherwise recognizes OPEC will be an important determinant in the relationship between the United States and this organization. the United States should carefully review all the energy development projects and programs administered by the United States Agency for International Development in developing countries to ensure that these projects and programs do not indirectly or inadvertently support the activities of OPEC. report to the Congress on activities of the international financial institutions. no later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Congress a report that contains a description of any loan, guarantee, or technical assistance provided or to be provided by any international financial institution.OECD will prepare and transmit a report 90 days after enactment of this Act. the president will prepare and transmit to congress a report. a report describes the efforts of the OECD to review the market-disstorting practices of international cartels, including OPEC. section 106 of the foreign assistance Act of 1961 is amended by adding at the end: (1). certify annually to the appropriate congressional committees that the requirement of subparagraph (A) has been met for the prior fiscal year. the term ""international financial institution"" has the meaning given in section 1701(c)(2) of the International Financial Institutions Act. ""oil price fixing"" means participation in any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with other counties that are oil exporters to increase the price of oil or natural gas by means of, inter alia, limiting oil or gas production or setting minimum prices for oil or gas."
1882,"<pad> summarize: hurricane Katrina's devastation is colossal in scope. experts in city and regional planning, architecture, home building, and finance are required. redevelopment is colossal in scope.there's established the Gulf State Community Renewal Commission. there is also a redevelopment committee. the redevelopment committee is based in syria..... the purpose is to examine, evaluate, and report on the rebuilding of communities in both urban and rural areas affected by Hurrican Katrina. the Commission is to examine, evaluate, and report on the rebuilding of communities in both urban and rural areas.a total of 14 members from the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana shall be appointed on or before October 30, 2005. a quorum will not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 11 members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum.the functions are to hold hearings and conduct such examinations and studies as may be appropriate to carry out the purposes of the Commission under section 2. and to submit to the president and Congress such reports as are required by section 10 containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations. the Commission may sit and act at times and places, take testimony, receive evidence, and administer oaths. the Commission may enter, to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts, into contracts to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this Act.director and staff may be appointed without regard to provisions of title 5 governing appointments in the competitive service. no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. each member may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5 of title 5, United States Code. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses. not later than 90 days after the date of the first meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the President and the Congress an incremental report containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for the rebuilding of communities and neighborhoods affected by Hurricane Katrina. not later than 12 months after the submission of the initial report of the Commission. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $7,500,000. such funds shall remain available until expended. such funds shall remain available until expended... expended.. expended. "
1883,"<pad> summarize: the head of each agency shall prepare and submit to the Comptroller General a quarterly consolidated financial statement based on the fair-value accrual accounting method. such statement shall include for such agency all future certain liabilities, including all contingent liabilities that can be reasonably estimated. submission Deadlines. Quarterly financial statements. Each annual financial statement required by subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 180 days after the end of the fiscal year. Section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code is amended by redesignating the second paragraph (37) as paragraph. the director of the office of management and budget shall prepare all of the budgets submitted to the President according to both accrual accounting procedures and the cash basis accounting method. Section 257(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended. it is amended by striking everything that follows ""current year"" and inserting ""excluding resources designated as an emergency requirement and any resources provided in supplemental appropriation laws"" this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on October 1, 2012. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2012. the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2012..."
1884,"<pad> summarize:......................... if the Secretary does not comply with the requirements of section 1703, the Secretary shall reimburse a non-Department health care provider. if the Secretary does not comply with the requirements of section 1703, the claim shall be deemed a non-clean claim for purposes of paragraph (1). if the Secretary does not comply with the requirements of section 1703, the Secretary shall reimburse a non-Department health care provider."
1885,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of education shall establish a demonstration program to award grants on a competitive basis to eligible entities for the purpose of installing fire sprinkler systems, or other fire suppression or prevention technologies, in student housing and dormitories owned or controlled by such entities. eligible entities must submit an application under subsection (a) in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require.Exception applies to the admission of an application, determination, or statement described in subsection (a) as evidence in a proceeding to enforce an agreement entered into between the Secretary and an eligible entity under section 2. this section does not apply to the admission of an application, determination, or statement described in subsection (a) as evidence in a proceeding to enforce an agreement entered into between the Secretary and an eligible entity under section 2."
1886,"<pad> summarize: the secretary may enter into an energy savings performance contract under this section. the contract may be for a period of up to 25 years beginning on the date on which the first payment is made by the Secretary pursuant to the contract. if the contract contains a clause setting forth a cancellation ceiling in excess $10,000,000, the Secretary provides notice to Congress of the proposed contract and the proposed cancellation ceiling at least 30 days before the award."
1887,"<pad> summarize: the western basin of Lake Erie is vitally important to the economic and environmental future of the united states and Canada. wetlands in the western basin of Lake Erie comprise as some of the most important waterfowl habitat in the Great Lakes. wetlands in the western basin of Lake Erie comprise as some of the most important waterfowl habitat in the Great Lakes. wetlands in the western basin of Lake Erie have been subjected to ""refuge complex"" means the Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge Complex. the term ""Refuge Complex"" means the lands and waters therein. the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior.the boundaries of the Refuge Complex are expanded to include lands and waters in the state of Ohio from the eastern boundary of Maumee Bay State Park to the eastern boundary of the Darby Unit, including the bass Island archipelago. the Secretary may make such revisions as may be appropriate to carry out the purposes of the Refuge Complex or to facilitate the acquisition of property within the Refuge Complex. no such lands, waters, or interests therein may be acquired without the consent of the owner thereof. any Federal property located within the boundaries of the Refuge Complex, as expanded by this title, that is under the administrative jurisdiction of a department or agency other than the Department of the Interior may be transferred without consideration.the Secretary shall administer all federally owned lands, waters, and interests therein. he may use such additional statutory authority as may be available for conservation. he may use such additional statutory authority as may be available. he may use such additional statutory authority as may be available. dredge spoil disposal sites referred to by the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority referred to as port Authority Facility Number Three and Grassy Island. the Secretary shall conduct a study containing fish and wildlife habitat and aquatic and terrestrial communities. not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the Act.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of the Interior such sums as may be necessary for the acquisition of lands and waters within the Refuge Complex. such sums as may be necessary for the development, operation, and maintenance of the Refuge Complex. and such sums as may be necessary to carry out the study under section 7. "
1888,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ reauthorization of adult and juvenile collaboration Grants. reauthorization of adult and juvenile collaboration Grants. reauthorization of adult and juvenile collaboration grants. reauthorization of adult and juvenile collaboration grants. law enforcement response to grants to mentally ill offenders improvement grants. law enforcement responds........ mental. ill offenders improvement grants... examination and report on prevalence of mentally ill offenders. mental ill offenders are deemed to be mentally ill. a mental ill offenders can be referred to a psychiatrist. a mental ill offenders can be referred to a psychiatrist. 16 percent of people incarcerated in prisons and jails in the u.s. suffer from mental illnesses. state prisoners with a mental health problem are twice as likely to have been homeless in the year before their arrest.Section 2991(h) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is amended. it is further amended by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). it is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph.the Attorney General is authorized to make grants under this section to states, units of local government, Indian tribes, and tribal organizations for the following purposes. specialized receiving centers to assess individuals in the custody of law enforcement personnel for suicide risk and mental health and substance abuse treatment needs. specialized receiving centers to assess individuals in the custody of law enforcement personnel for suicide risk and mental health and substance abuse treatment needs. the Attorney General shall examine and report on mental illness and the criminal justice system. the rate of occurrence of serious mental illnesses in each of the following populations: Individuals, including juveniles, on probation; Individuals, including juveniles, on parole. if convicted, he will submit to congress the report described in subsection (a) "
1889,"<pad> summarize: tens of thousands of civilians and combatants have been killed. the 2 main armed antigovernment rebel groups control, operate in, or influence 40 to 50 percent of Colombia's territory. the ELN, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia and the national Liberation Army regularly attack civilian populations, commit extrajudicial killings and massacres. SENSE OF CONGRESS is the sense of the Congress that Colombia qualifies for designation under section 244(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 USC. 1254a(b)(1)(A))an alien is admissible as an immigrant, except as otherwise provided under section 244(c)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. the alien registers for temporary protected status under section 244(c)(2)(B) of that Act (8 USC. 1254a(c)(2)(B)) if the alien establishes emergency and extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the alien. an alien returning to"
1890,"<pad> summarize: sally kohn: SENSE OF CONGRESS is critical to the efforts of the united states government. she says he should meet regularly to monitor developments that heighten risk of atrocities. kohn: senate should be able to make recommendations to improve policies, programs, resources. it shall be the policy of the United States to regard the prevention of atrocities as in its national interest. work with partners and allies, including to build their capacity, and enhance the capacity of the United States to identify, prevent, and respond to the causes of atrocities. pursue a United States Government-wide strategy to identify, prevent, and respond to the risk of atrocities by strengthening the diplomatic, risk analysis and monitoring, strategic planning, early warning Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amended in subsection (a)(1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ""and"" at the end and inserting "", and"" at the end. for Foreign Service Officers who will be assigned to a country experiencing or at risk of mass atrocities. instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities. a report, with a classified annex if necessary, includes a detailed description of current efforts to prevent and respond to atrocities based on United States and locally identified indicators. the report required by subsection (a) shall be made available to all members of Congress.""genocide"" means an offense under section 1091 of title 18, United States Code. ""transitional justice"" means the range of judicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retributive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of military force. passed the Senate December 12, 2018. ACT to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security. "
1891,"<pad> summarize: the Secretary is authorized to provide grants to State educational agencies to provide subgrants that enable each local educational agency to develop and implement a random drug testing and counseling program authorized by parents for students in grades 9 through 12 that shall be conducted on school premises. each State educational agency that receives a grant award under this Act shall award not less than 99.75 of such amount to provide subgrants to local educational agencies. each State educational agency that wishes to receive 50 percent shall be allocated among such local educational agencies based on their relative populations of students in grades 9 through 12 as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data. each local educational agency may reserve not more than 0.25 percent of any grant funds received under this Act in each fiscal year for the costs of administration. each local educational agency may reserve not more than 4.25 percent of any grant funds received under this Act in each fiscal year for the costs of administration a local educational agency that receives a grant under this Act shall certify that funds received under this Act shall be used in accordance with subsection (b) each local educational agency that receives a grant under this Act shall certify that funds received under this Act shall be used in accordance with subsection (b) the agency shall develop a plan to implement a drug testing and counseling program.the local educational agency shall inform parents in detail about the random drug testing program and the counseling program. parents are notified, on a timely basis, about the positive results of any drug test of their child who participates in the random drug testing program. and the refusal of their child to take a drug test or participate in the counseling program, if applicable. term ""parent"" includes guardian or other person standing in loco parentis. term ""secretary"" means the secretary of education. term ""state"" means each of the 50 states. ""parent"" includes a legal guardian or guardian standing in loco parentis.there are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000,000 to carry out this Act for each fiscal years 1999 through 2003. there are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000,000 to carry out this Act for each fiscal years 1999 through 2003. if you are able to carry out this Act, you may be able to apply for $1,000,000,000. a local educational agency shall implement a drug testing and counseling program referred to in section 14515 of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. a local educational agency shall implement a drug testing and counseling program referred to in section 14515 of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965."
1892,"<pad> summarize: eradication of international narcotics trafficking requires a long-term strategy that necessitates close international cooperation. the annual certification process relating to international narcotics control under section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is flawed because the process fails to enhance international cooperation. ESTABLISHMENT is established a commission to be known as the high level Commission on international stupefiants control. there is a commission to be known as the High Level Commission on International Narcotics Control. review will be carried out by the commission relating to international narcotics control. it will determine the effectiveness of such process in curtailing international drug trafficking. the effectiveness of such process in enhancing international counter-narcotics cooperation. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. a majority of the members shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. a majority of the members shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. the director and staff may be appointed without regard to title 5, United States Code. an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the maximum annual rate of basic pay payable for GS-15 of the General Schedule. the chairperson may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the maximum annual rate of basic pay payable for GS-15 of the General Schedule. the chairperson may secure directly from any Federal agency information necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its duties. Upon request of the chairperson, the head of the agency shall furnish such information to the Commission to the extent such information is not prohibited from disclosure by law. Upon the request of the chairperson, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis.not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall prepare and submit to the President and the Congress an interim report. if the Commission determines the annual certification process relating to international narcotics control under section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to be ineffective in curtailing international narcotics trafficking. if the Commission determines the annual certification process relating to international TERMINATION. the Commission shall terminate 6 months after the date on which the Commission submits its final report under section 8(b).. if the Commission submits its final report, it shall be notified of the termination. sums authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended. amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized to remain available until expended."
1893,"<pad> summarize: national service and volunteerism among the nation's youth are increasing. national service and volunteerism among the nation's youth are increasing. national service and volunteerism among the nation's youth is increasing. national service and volunteerism provides a variety of personal benefits and satisfaction and can lead to new paths of civic engagement, responsibility, and upward mobility. there is established a commission to be known as the ""Congressional Commission on Civic service"" there is a commission to be known as the ""Congressional Commission on Civic Service"". the commission is a commission to be known as the ""Congressional Commission on Civic Service""if current federal volunteer programs are suited to address special skills and needs of senior volunteers. if existing databases are effective in matching community needs to would-be volunteers. if existing databases are effective in matching community needs to would-be volunteers. if existing databases are effective in matching community needs to would-be volunteers.the members of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. vacancy in the Commission shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the duties of the Commission. vacancy in the Commission shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the duties of the Commission.DIRECTOR AND STAFF OF COMMISSION. a Director shall be appointed by the Chairperson with the approval of the Commission. credentials related to international public service, national public service, service-learning, or local service.the Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold public hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. the Architect of the Capitol, in consultation with the appropriate entities in the legislative branch, shall locate and provide suitable facilities and equipment for the operation of the Commission on a nonreimbursable basis. if authorized by the Commission, any member or agent of the Commission may final report will contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission. the final report will contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission. the final report will contain its recommendations for proposed legislation.TERMINATION: the Commission shall terminate not later than 30 days. a final report shall be submitted under section 8b(1). the Commission shall terminate not later than 30 days. a final report will be submitted under section 8b(1). "
1894,<pad> summarize: the amendments made by section 1 apply to goods entered or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption on or after the 15th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments apply with respect to goods entered or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption.
1895,"<pad> summarize: the Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts 9,200,000 jobs by the year 2020. half of these, or 4,600,000 jobs, will be in computing. in 2012, the national median annual salary was $45,790. students 8 times more likely to major in computer science in college. if in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. if in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of section 9101 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (43) as paragraph (8) through (44), respectively. the term <unk> computer science' means the study of computers and algorithmic processes. in paragraph (12), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ""and geography"" and inserting ""geography, and computer science"" Section 1705(c)(4) is striking ""and science"" and inserting ""science, and computer science"" section 1705(c)(4) (USC. 6535(c)(4)) is amended by striking ""and science""Section 1111(b) (20 USC. 6311(b)) is amended in paragraph (1)(E) by striking ""and"" at the end. and in paragraph (8) in subparagraph (D), by striking ""and"" at the end. and by adding at the end: how the State educational agency shall consider including computer science in academic standards.section 2201(a)(3) (20 USC. 6661(a)(3) is amended by striking ""and engineers"" and inserting ""science, informatics, or computer science"" section 2202(c) is amended in paragraph (4), by striking ""or science"" and inserting ""the sciences, informatics, or computer science"" the secretary is authorized to award grants to institutions of higher education to improve training for elementary and secondary school computer science teachers. the secretary may award a grant under this section to an institution of higher education that has, at minimum a program in teacher education, and a program in computer science or informatics. an institution of higher education that receives a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to carry out not less than 1 of the following activities. Section 10 of the national science foundation Authorization Act of 2002 is amended by striking ""and mathematics"" and inserting ""mathematics, informatics, and computer science"" in subsection (a)(3)(b)(1)(D)(i), (c)(1)(A), (d)(1) and (7), by striking ""or mathematics"" and inserting ""mathematics, informatics, and computer science"" "
1896,"<pad> summarize: congress finds that 36,000 americans are killed each year by the use of a gun. 16 children are killed each day by the use of a gun. guns are present in almost 35 percent of all american households. 92 percent of such law enforcement officers were killed by the use of a gun.director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance may make grants to States or units of local government to conduct community gun buy back programs. grants may not be used to cover more than 50 percent of the cost of conducting a community gun buy back program. a community gun buy back program which will donate to a State or local museum for display any inoperable gun that is a curio or relic or that has historic significance shall be treated in the same manner as to request a grant under this Act, the chief executive of a state shall submit an application to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance, signed by the Attorney General of the State requesting the grant, in such form and containing such information as the Director may reasonably require. a State or unit of local government shall be eligible to receive a grant under this Act annually.""community gun buy back program"" means program conducted by state or local law enforcement authorities. the term ""gun"" means a firearm. the term ""qualifying state or unit of local government"" means each of the 50 States.grants under this Act are authorized to be appropriated not more than $15,000,000 for each fiscal fiscal year. grants under this Act are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the Bureau of Justice assistance not more than $15,000,000 for each fiscal fiscal year. "
1897,"<pad> summarize: Section 485(g) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended in paragraph (1). it is amended by adding at the end the amount of revenue generated by each of the following categories if applicable: Ticket sales. Ticket sales. Student fees. Distributions from any other intercollegiate athletic association, conference, or tournament. tv, radio, internet, and print. Royalties, advertising, and sponsorship.Section 487(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended by adding at the end the following: (A) an institution will not be a member of any intercollegiate athletic association or participate in any national intercollegiate athletics competition organized by any person unless such association or person reports, on an annual basis, to the Secretary. if necessary, update such definition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or significant changes in the national system of intercollegiate athletics"
1898,"<pad> summarize: under section 2576a of title 10, the Department of Defense is authorized to provide excess property to local and federal law enforcement agencies through the program. a moratorium was instituted in may 2012 after reports of missing equipment and inappropriate weapons transfers through the program. a moratorium on weapons transfers through the program was lifted in October 2013 without adequate safeguards. a federal or state agency may never take ownership of the property. a federal or state agency may never take ownership of the property. a federal or state agency that receives property transferred under this section may never take ownership. "
1899,"<pad> summarize:......................... Section 205 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""February 13, 2011"" and inserting ""January 1, 2017"". Section 204 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""February 13, 2011"" and inserting ""January 1, 2017"". Section 204. ADDITION OF COBRA BENEFITS FOR CERTAIN TAA-ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS. Section 204. ADDITION OF COBRA B"
1900,"<pad> summarize: Section 202 is amended by striking ""subsection (b) and inserting ""subsection (b) or section 208a"" amounts credited to state accounts are credited to state accounts. the amendment shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2004."
1901,<pad> summarize:.........................Section 204 of the national homeland security strategy created under section 203. Section 206. RESPONSIBILITIES. the Director may appoint officers and detail employees from other agencies. he may be appointed by the president.
1902,"<pad> summarize: a final rule was released on July 5, 2013. the department of health and human services announced it would no longer verify applicants. it is estimated that not verifying eligibility could equate to $250 billion in fraudulent payments. gov website is yet to be finalized, leaving the department of health and human services unable to perform the verification.no such credit or reduction shall be allowed before the first date of the first coverage month beginning on or after the date on which the verification process is being claimed for such individual. if a premium tax credit under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is being claimed for such individual, such allowance shall be suspended until the coverage month described in subsection (a) with respect to such claim for such individual. if an individual is enrolled in a qualified health plan"
1903,"<pad> summarize: a governor of a State receiving funds under this section may grant grants based on a comprehensive and innovative strategy to end childhood hunger. he may enter into competitively awarded cooperative agreements with, the Governors of states to carry out comprehensive and innovative demonstration projects. the project will enhance access and participation in Federal child nutrition programs."
1904,"<pad> summarize: TABLE OF CONTENTS. TABLE OF CONTENTS... TABLE OF CONTENTS.. TABLE OF CONTENTS. TABLE OF CONTENTS. TABLE OF CONTENTS. short title title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title. short title.the national plan under section 102(a) shall include recommendations for achieving the goals outlined in section 102(a) and 102(a) the working group shall consider all recommendations, research papers, and reports relating to child poverty. the term ""near poverty"" means, with respect to an individual or family, that such individual or family has a total annual income that is less than 50 percent of the official poverty threshold for such individual or family."
1905,<pad> summarize:......................... i)(1) shall not apply. Subsection (a)(2)(D)(i) shall be applied by substituting <unk> 12-month period' for <unk> 42-month period' each place it appears. ii) shall be applied by substituting the market value of the residence at the time of refinancing in lieu of the acquisition cost.
1906,"<pad> summarize: section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ""and"" at the end of paragraph (2)(J) and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon. for fiscal year 1998, $226,800,000, including $16,379,000 for system development and infrastructure projects and activities. Section 48102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end a new subsection. the administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a program to utilize undergraduate and technical colleges in research on subjects of relevance to the Federal Aviation Administration. grants may be awarded for research projects to be carried out at primarily undergraduate institutions and technical colleges. the principal criteria for the awarding of grants under this subsection shall be the relevance of the proposed research to technical research notice of reorganization is required to be provided to the Appropriations Committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate. notice of reorganization will be provided to the committees on science, transportation and infrastructure of the House of Representatives.senate of congress should give high priority to rectifing all 2-digit date-related problems in its computer systems. assess immediately the extent of the risk to the operations of the Federal Aviation Administration posed by the problems referred to in paragraph (1). and develop contingency plans for those systems the Federal Aviation Administration is unable to rectify in time. "
1907,"<pad> summarize: ESTABLISHMENT is established by the Commission on Information Technology and Paperwork Reduction. to accomplish the purpose set forth in section 1(b), there is hereby established the Commission on Information Technology and Paperwork Reduction.the Commission shall study and review the principal findings and recommendations of the Commission on paperwork established by the Act of December 27, 1974. the Commission shall consider the nature and extent of current Federal collections of information from other public and private profit and not-for- profit entities. the nature and extent of management and control over the determination of Federal information needs and the choice of information gathering and processing methods.2 members of the House of Representatives, who shall not be members of the same political party, appointed by the President of the Senate. the commission shall be composed of 15 members, as follows: 2 members of the House of Representatives, who shall not be members of the same political party.members of the Commission shall each receive as compensation the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for level 4 of the Executive Schedule for each day during which they are engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission. members of the Commission who are Members of Congress or who are full-time officers or employees of the United States shall receive no additional compensation for their service on the Commission. members of the Commission shall elect a Chairman and Vice-Chairman from among its members. appoint an Executive Director who shall receive as compensation the equivalent of the basic pay in effect for Level 5 of the Executive Schedule.each department, agency, and instrumentality of the Federal Government shall furnish to the Commission, upon request made by the Chairman, such nonconfidential information not otherwise prohibited by law. the head of each department or agency may, upon request made by the Chairman or vice Chairman of the Commission, provide to the Commission such services reimbursable or otherwise. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $8,000,000. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. a total of 500,000 people have been displaced. a total of 500,000 people have been displaced.TERMINATION. 120 days after submission of final report under section 3. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION. TERMINATION.this Act shall take effect on the date which is 45 days after its enactment. it will take effect on the date which is 45 days after its enactment. it will take effect on the date which is 45 days after its enactment. "
1908,"<pad> summarize: the term ""federal land"" means the parcel of approximately 1.542 acres of land. the term ""non-federal land"" means 2.161 acres of land located in Jackson County, Mississippi. the term ""post"" means the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the Secretary may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land in exchange for the conveyance by the Post to the Secretary. equalization is determined by an appraisal conducted by a qualified and independent appraiser. if the values of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section are not equal, the values shall be equalized through a cash payment. if the Secretary collects"
1909,<pad> summarize: president should redouble efforts to recover the value of investment in the military infrastructure of NATO countries. he should enter into negotiations for payments-in-kind only as a last resort and only after informing the Congress that negotiations have not been successful. in-kind contributions should directly offset costs that would otherwise be incurred by the Department of Defense for overseas base support approved by Congress. a new subsection is amended by adding at the end a new subsection. a rescission of appropriations for overseas base support may be required. a rescission of appropriations for overseas base support may be required. a rescission of appropriations for military construction may be required.
1910,"<pad> summarize: in the Karst Region of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico there are some of the largest areas of tropical forests. unique geological formations are critical to the maintenance of aquifers and watersheds that constitute a principal water supply for much of the Commonwealth. if unchecked, development could permanently damage the aquifers.the term ""Commonwealth"" means the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. the term ""Forest Legacy Program"" means the program established under section 7 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978. the term ""Karst Region"" means the areas in the Commonwealth generally depicted on the map. the Secretary may make grants to and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with the Commonwealth, other Federal agencies, organizations, corporations, and individuals. the activities authorized by this section may be carried out using amounts in the Fund. resulting owner of land acquired under this section or using funds made available under this section shall permit public recreation and other uses. PUERTO RICO KARST is established in the Treasury an interest bearing account to be known as the ""Puerto Rico Karst Conservation Fund"" Credits to Funds. There shall be credited to the Fund amounts appropriated to the Fund, (2) amounts donated to the Fund. the Secretary may accept donations, including land and money, made by public and private agencies, corporations, organizations, and individuals. treatment of donors if the donor conducts business with or is regulated by the Department of Agriculture or any other Federal agency. a donation of land, property and money accepted by the Secretary under the authority of this Act shall be considered as a gift, bequest, or devise to the united states. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you can use this information to make an informed decision. "
1911,"<pad> summarize: section 325 is amended to ban on activities of political action committees. the term 'political committee' means the principal campaign committee of a candidate. rules apply when ban not in effect. a limit on making contributions under section 325 of that Act shall not be in effect.Section 315(a)(2)(A) of the federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 is amended. it is amended by striking ""(f)"" and inserting ""(f)(1)"" a candidate who receives a contribution from a multicandidate political committee in excess of the amount allowed under subsection (a)(2)(A) shall return the amount of such excess contribution to the contributor. the total amount of contributions of a multicandidate 80% of candidates' contributions must come from in-state individuals. not less than 80 percent of contributions accepted by a candidate will come from in-state individuals. 80% of contributions accepted by a candidate must come from individuals who are residents of the State involved or the state in which the Congressional district involved is located. amendments to this Act apply to elections occurring after December 2006. elections occurring after December 2006. the amendments will apply with respect to elections occurring after December 2006. the amendments will apply with respect to elections occurring after December 2006. "
1912,"<pad> summarize: the director of the office of Personnel Management shall establish and maintain an electronic database of job vacancies relating to information technology. each position in the database shall be described on such web site as a ""TechCorps-eligible position""Section 122(a) is amended by adding at the end: Techcorps. individuals apply to service as a TechCorps member prior to graduating a program of study at institution of education leading to degree or certificate relating to information technology. individuals described in subparagraph (A) desiring to serve as TechCorps members shall commit to employment with the Federal agency in a job relating to information technology for not less than a Section 455(f)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 is amended. the Secretary shall carry out a program of canceling the obligation to repay a qualified loan amount. a borrower who receives the loan cancellation under this part may not exceed the amount equal to the maximum aggregate amount of federal Direct Stafford Loans and Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loans that may be awarded to a dependent student under this part.Comptroller general of the united states will study the projected staffing needs for jobs related to information technology in the federal government during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. he will submit to Congress the results of the study."
1913,"<pad> summarize:.........................'biodiesel nv' means the monoalkyl esters of long chain fatty acids derived solely from virgin vegetable oils for use in compressional-ignition (diesel) engines. no credit shall be allowed under this section if a person separates such biodiesel from the mixture, or without separation, uses the mixture other than as a fuel."
1914,"<pad> summarize: a new section of this chapter is amended by adding at the end a new section. a new section is amended by adding at the end a new section. a new section is titled ""3320. Career transition internship program"""
1915,"<pad> summarize: ""child"" and ""children"" mean an individual or individuals who have not attained 18 years of age. this act means an individual or individuals who have not attained 18 years of age. if you are a child, you are not a parent.there is a commission to be known as the ""National Commission on Children and Disasters"" there is established a commission to be known as the ""National Commission on Children and Disasters"". the commission is based in syria.a comprehensive study is being carried out to examine and assess the needs of children relating to preparation, response, and recovery from all hazards, including major disasters and emergencies. submit a report to the president and Congress on specific findings, conclusions, and recommendations to address the needs of children as they relate to preparation for, response to, and recovery from all hazards, including major disasters and emergencies. 1 member, who is of a different political party, shall be appointed by the President. 2 members shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. 2 members shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum.study examines and assesses the needs of children as they relate to preparation for, response to, and recovery from all hazards, including major disasters and emergencies. specific findings relating to children's physical and mental health, (B) child care, including in private for-profit and nonprofit settings, (C) child welfare, (D) elementary and secondary education, (E) sheltering, temporary housing, and affordable housing, (F) transportation, (G) the Commission may hold such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, and receive such evidence as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Commission. information will only be received, handled, stored, and disseminated by members of the Commission and its staff consistent with all applicable statutes, regulations, and executive orders.appoint and fix compensation of a staff director and such other personnel. no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. the head of any executive department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Federal Government may detail, without reimbursement, any of its personnel to the Commission to assist it TRAVEL EXPENSES are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5 of title 5 of title 5. each member shall serve without compensation, but shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence.FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT APPLICABILITY. the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall apply to the Commission, including the staff of the Commission. the provisions shall apply to the Commission.not later than December 31, 2008, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress an interim report containing specific findings, conclusions, and recommendations required under this Act as have been agreed to by a majority of Commission members. Termination. In general. The Commission, and all the authorities of this Act, shall terminate 180 days after the date on which the final report is submitted under subsection (b). Records. Not later than the date of termination of the Commission under paragraph (1), $2,000,000 for each fiscal year 2008 and 2009. passed the house of representatives November 6, 2007. attest: 'i'm not able to do anything wrong with it. i'm not able to do anything wrong' "
1916,"<pad> summarize: the secretary of homeland security may issue a notice and opportunity for public comment relating to the shipping of extremely hazardous materials. the regulations shall be consistent, to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate, with and not duplicative of other Federal regulations relating to the shipping of extremely hazardous materials. a person who transports, loads, unloads, or is otherwise involved in the shipping of hazardous materials may be subject, in a civil action brought in United States district no person involved in the shipping of extremely hazardous materials may be discharged, demoted, suspended, threatened, harassed, or discriminated against. a person who alleges discharge or other discrimination by any person in violation of subsection (a) may seek relief under subsection (c), by filing a complaint with the Secretary of Labor. relief for any action under paragraph (1) shall include reinstatement with the same seniority status that the person would have had, but for the secretary of homeland security will transmit to congress a report on the security of, and risk of a terrorist attack on, shipments of extremely hazardous materials. the report under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. the report under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. the term ""extremely hazardous material"" means a material that is toxic by inhalation. ""area of concern"" means an area that the Secretary determines could pose a particular interest to terrorists. ""extremely hazardous material"" means an area that the Secretary determines could pose a particular interest to terrorists. "
1917,"<pad> summarize: Section 51(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ""or"" at the end of subparagraph (I), by inserting "", or"", and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: a qualified student loan repayer."" the term 'qualified student loan repayer' means any individual who is certified by the designated local agency as having at least an associate's degree. the amendment shall apply to individuals who begin work 'eligible employer' means an employer if such employer, or any member of any controlled group including the employer, has not established or maintained a qualified employer plan. the term 'qualified startup costs' means any ordinary and necessary expenses of an eligible employer if such employer, or any member of any controlled group including the employer, are paid or incurred."
1918,"<pad> summarize: applicant for grant under subparagraph (A) must submit application. application includes information regarding the applicant's goals and objectives. a grant may be used solely to assist with outreach, development, and enhancement. a grant may be required to be used solely to provide services outlined in subsection (c)(3).section 21(c) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 648(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: Advice of local tribal organizations. a Small Business Development Center receiving a grant under this section shall request the advice of tribal organizations on how best to provide such assistance to Indian tribe members, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians."
1919,<pad> summarize:.........................a petition for compensation may be brought by any individual arrested by the Postal Inspection Service after 1983. a panel of administrative law judges may award such amount to a petitioner. compensation awarded under this section shall be payable out of the Postal Service Fund.
1920,"<pad> summarize: section 401(a)(9), 404(a)(2), 403(b)(10), 408(a)(6), 408(b)(3), and 457(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply with respect to such individual for any year during the suspension period. if this subsection applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance"
1921,"<pad> summarize: converting institution subject to such regulations as the Director shall prescribe. limits on insider transactions. no proposal may be made to the shareholders of a converted institution. converting institution may be subjected to such regulations if it deems appropriate. Section 5(i) of the Home Owners' Loan Act (12 USC. 1864(i) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Insider transactions and compensation. no proposal may be made to the shareholders of the institution during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the conversion. enactment of section 5 of the Home Owners' Loan Act enacted 90 days after date of enactment. a final regulation shall be issued to implement subsections (i)(5) and (j) of section 5.the secretary of the Treasury shall conduct a study to determine the adequacy of existing Federal law in ensuring equity and fairness in the conversion of savings associations and savings banks from the mutual form to the stock form. the accuracy of existing stock appraisal and valuation techniques employed in such conversions. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Congress a report of the results of the"
1922,"<pad> summarize: Seismic corrections may be carried out at the department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Palo Alto, California. each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project. each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project. the secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into a lease for a Satellite Outpatient Clinic, Charlotte, North Carolina, in an amount not to exceed $2,626,000. a satellite outpatient clinic may be leased in an amount not to exceed $2,626,000. funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects account $285,000,000 a year. funds appropriated for construction, Major Projects account $2,626,000 a year a year a year before fiscal year 2003 that remain available for obligation. funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects account $285,000,000 a year. Section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ""$4,000,000"" and inserting ""$6,000,000"" the amendment shall apply with respect to any facility project of the Department of Veterans Affairs, except for a project for which the Secretary obligated funds before October 1, 2002. Section 8103 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection. the Secretary shall select projects to improve, replace, renovate, or update facilities to achieve one or more of the following. improvements at patient care facilities to specialized programs of the Department."
1923,"<pad> summarize: u.s. sanctions regime enacted to encourage withdrawal from the Iranian market. the sanctions regime aims to prevent the Iranian government and engineers from access to key domain expertise, technology and equipment that could aid the development of Iran's energy sector. sanctions have constrained supply of capital, technology, and services to the Iranian petroleum sector.sally kohn: if sanctions are imposed on the Government of Iran, it should continue. kohn: if sanctions are imposed on the Government of Iran, it should be prevented. kohn: if sanctions are imposed on the Government of Iran, it should be able. kohn: if sanctions are imposed on the Government of Iran, it should be able. the Secretary of the Interior shall include in each lease issued after the date of enactment of this Act that authorizes drilling for oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf a provision that requires that the person that is the lessee to certify annually to the Secretary that the person does not engage in any activity for which sanctions may be imposed under section 5 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. and authorizes the Secretary to cancel the lease if the person this Act shall terminate 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that the Government of Iran has permanently ceased supporting acts of international terrorism and no longer satisfies the requirements for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. the pursuit, acquisition, and development of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons and missiles poses no significant threat to United States national security, interests, or allies. "
1924,"<pad> summarize: n.w. straits marine conservation initiative Act is amended in section 402, by striking """" a vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. the Commission shall carry out its duties in a manner that promotes the achieving of the benchmarks described in section 408. if eligible, the Commission may apply for, accept, and use grants awarded by federal agencies."
1925,"<pad> summarize: section 223(a)(2) of such Act is amended by striking ""(i) for each month"" and inserting ""such sentence"" and inserting ""such sentence"" section 223(a)(2) of such Act is repealed. section 216(i)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act is amended by striking "", but only"" and inserting a period. the social security act is amended by striking "", but only"" and all that follows and inserting a period. Section 226 of the social security act is amended by striking subsection (f) f. f f is amended by striking ""have been entitled for not less than 24 months"" and inserting ""is entitled to an annuity"" section 7(d)(2)(ii) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 is amended. the amendments made by subsection (a) of section 2 of this Act shall apply only with respect to benefits under section 223 of the Social Security Act. the amendments made by subsection (b) and (c) of section 2 of this Act shall apply only with respect to benefits based on disability under section 223. "
1926,"<pad> summarize:.........................a teachers professional development institute may receive a grant under this part. if the Secretary approves a grant under this part, the Secretary may take appropriate action. a teacher professional development institute may receive a grant under this part. a teacher professional development institute may provide technical assistance."
1927,"<pad> summarize: Congress finds presentation and preservation of African American life, art, history, and culture is inadequate. a national museum and interpretive and educational programs will help to inspire and educate the people of the united states regarding the cultural legacy of African Americans and the contributions made by African Americans to the society of the United States.a museum is established within the Smithsonian Institution a museum. it will provide a center for scholarship relating to African American life, art, history, and culture. a location for permanent and temporary exhibits documenting African American life, art, history, and culture.board of Regents is authorized to plan, design, reconstruct, and renovate the arts and industries building of the Smithsonian institution. the museum is housed in the Smithsonian institution. the museum is a museum that houses a museum. a vacancy on the Board of Trustees shall expire at the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of appointment. a vacancy on the Board of Trustees shall expire at the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of appointment. a vacancy on the Board of Trustees shall expire at the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of appointment.the Board of Trustees shall recommend annual budgets for the Museum. the Board of Regents shall recommend annual budgets for the museum. the Board of Trustees shall recommend annual budgets for the museum. the Board of Regents deems appropriate. the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution may appoint a director, assistant director, secretary, and Chief Curator of the museum. appoint and fix the compensation and duties of a Director, assistant director, secretary, and chief Curator of the museum. the director, assistant director, secretary, and chief Curator shall be qualified through experience and training to perform the duties of their offices. appoint the Director and such 5 employees the term ""Board of Regents"" means the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. the term ""Museum"" means the National African American Museum established in section 5(a). the term ""Arts and Industries building"" means the building located on the mall at 900 Jefferson Drive, S. W. in Washington, the District of Columbia.$5,000,000 is authorized to carry out this Act for fiscal year 1994. sums may be necessary for each of the succeeding fiscal years. if necessary. if appropriated to carry out this Act $5,000,000 for fiscal year 1994."
1928,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Definitions........................ TITLE I INNOVATION MANAGEMENT AT DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY Section 101. Under Secretary for Science and Energy Section 102. Section 103. Sense of Congress. Section 201. Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program. Section 203. Inclusion of early-stage technology demonstration in authorized technology transfer activities. ""Department"" means the Department of Energy. ""Department"" means a nonmilitary national laboratory. ""Secretary"" means the secretary of energy. ""Secretary"" means the secretary of energy.Section 202 of the Department of Energy Organization Act is amended by striking ""Under Secretary for Science and Energy"" and inserting ""Under Secretary for Science and Energy"" Section 102 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking ""Under Secretary for Science and Energy"" and inserting ""Under Secretary for Science and Energy"" "
1929,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title.Findings.com........................Enhanced deduction for denotation of conservation easement. Enhanced deduction for the denotation of a conservation easement. a conservation easement is a conservation easement. a conservation easement is able to be denotated. exclusion from estate for real property subject to endangered species conservation agreement. exclusion from estate for real property subject to endangered species conservation agreement. exclusion from estate for real property subjected to endangered species conservation agreement. exclusion from estate for real property subjected to endangered species conservation agreement.income tax incentives to preserve land to protect endangered species. income tax incentives to preserve land to protect endangered species. tax incentives to preserve land to protect endangered species........ current federal tax laws discourage placement of privately held lands into endangered and threatened species conservation agreements. current federal tax laws discourage placement of privately held lands into endangered and threatened species conservation agreements. current Federal tax laws must be modified or changed to provide tax incentives to landowners to attain the goal of conservation of endangered and threatened species and their habitat. section 170(h)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: Enhanced Valuation of property with endangered species and other species. the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act. a taxable estate shall be deducted from the value of the gross estate. the adjusted value of any real property shall be its value for purposes of this chapter. if a transferee enters into an endangered species conservation agreement. if the transferee enters into a written agreement, such transferee shall be treated as signatory."
1930,<pad> summarize:......................... rePEAL OF THE MILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE ACT is repealed. the Office of Selective Service Records shall not be reestablished upon the repeal of such Act. Title 5 is amended by striking out section 3328.
1931,"<pad> summarize: if an open end consumer credit plan provides a period within which an obligor may repay all or a portion of the credit repaid within the specified time period, the creditor may not impose or collect an additional interest charge on the amount that was repaid within the specified time period. if an obligor fails to repay an extension of credit under an open end consumer credit plan, such penalty rate may not, while such account a card issuer may not impose any late fee or finance charge if a late payment is credited. the card issuer may not impose a late fee or finance charge if a late payment is credited. if a credit card solicitation, application, agreement, or plan specifies use of a variable interest rate established by reference to a 'prime rate', 'prime interest rate', or similar rate or index, the referenced rate shall be disclosed and defined as the bank prime loan rate posted by a majority of the top 25 United States chartered commercial banks. a card issuer may not use the term <unk> prime rate' primary federal regulator is responsible for overseeing the credit card operations of the card issuer. primary federal regulator is responsible for enforcing the prohibition against unfair or deceptive acts or practices. if used with respect to a card issuer that is a depository institution, the term 'appropriate Federal banking agency' has the same meaning. section 136(b) of Truth in Lending Act (USC. 1646(b) is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ""The Board shall"" and inserting: In general. the Board shall"" the information under subparagraph (A) shall include, as of a date designated by the Board a list of each type of transaction or event for which one or more of the card issuers has imposed a separate interest rate upon a cardholder section 8 of the Fair Credit and Charge Card Disclosure Act of 1988 is repealed. section 8 is repealed. a new section of the fair credit and charge card Disclosure Act of 1988 is repealed.. this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the amendments will take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
1932,"<pad> summarize: all but 10 percent of the energy needs of the united states are supplied by domestic energy sources by calendar year 2017. all but 20 percent of the energy needs of the united states are supplied by non-fossil fuel sources by calendar year 2037.a commission is established to be known as the ""National Commission on Energy Independence"" a member of the Commission shall be appointed by the president. the commission shall be composed of 15 members, of whom 3 shall be appointed by the president. the president shall designate 2 co-chairpersons from among the members of the Commission appointed."
1933,"<pad> summarize: consumers spend millions of hours opening and reading mail they are induced into falsely believing is from a government entity or an institution with which they are currently doing business. misleading commercial solicitations commonly employ the use of emblems, seals, or designs similar to those used by the Federal government or by State or local governments.a commercial offer sent to an individual through the mails shall contain a notice to the recipient. such notice shall read ""This Is an unsolicited commercial offer from"" such notice shall read ""This is an unsolicited commercial offer from,"" followed by the name of the person or company making such offer."
1934,"<pad> summarize: the term ""small business concern"" has the meaning given the term under section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 632(q)(4). the term ""veteran"" has the meaning given the term under section 3(q)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 632(q)(4). ""women's business center"" means a women's business center. section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (USC. 636(a)) is amended in paragraph (18)(A), by striking ""With respect"" and inserting ""Except as provided in paragraph (31), with respect"" in paragraph (31), the term <unk> veteran or spouse of a veteran' means a veteran, as defined in section 3(q)(4). enactment of this Act aims to provide financial planning and counseling to small business owners who are members of a reserve component prior to deployment. a report will be submitted to congress 180 days after enactment of this Act. enactment of this Act enacted a report on outreach to women's business centers. a report will be submitted to congress 180 days later. he will submit a report assessing the level of outreach to women's veterans. enactment of this Act authorizes the Administrator to submit a report on the military reservists economic injury disaster loan program. the report will include a discussion of the outreach efforts of the Small Business Administration to increase participation in the program. "
1935,"<pad> summarize: pension and retirement funds are vulnerable to distinct risks relating to climate change. carbon-constrained demand risks, including stranded carbon assets, have estimated as having a value of $100,000,000,000. and climate liability risks from evolving interpretations of fiduciary and tortious duties of care. assessing the potential impact of climate-related risks on national and international financial systems, including retirement savings accounts and pensions. section 8438 of title 5, United States Code is amended in subsection (a) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (7) through (13), respectively. the term <unk> Climate Choice Stock Index Fund' means the Climate Choice Stock Index Fund established under subsection (1)(G),. by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated. the term ""fossil fuel entity"" has the meaning given the term in section 8438(a) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this Act. report analyzes the proportion of stocks, bonds, and other obligations held by the Thrift Savings Fund. the effect on individuals holding accounts in the Thrift Savings Fund holding stocks, bonds, or other obligations. "
1936,<pad> summarize: a loan under this subparagraph shall be made on the same terms as other loans. a loan under this subparagraph shall be made on the same terms as other loans. a loan under this subparagraph shall be made on the same terms as other loans. a loan under this subparagraph shall be made on the same terms as other loans. the director of the Office of Management and Budget coordinates with the heads of the Executive departments and independent establishments. the director of the office of management and budget will issue government-wide guidelines for printing that implement the strategy developed under paragraph (1). 
1937,"<pad> summarize: Section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph. it shall be unlawful for any person who is a juvenile to knowingly possess a handgun. or ammunition that is suitable for use only in a handgun."
1938,"<pad> summarize: complex seafloor habitats created by geologic structures and structure-forming organisms are essential to the maintenance of marine biodiversity. deep-sea corals and sponges create complex habitats. trawling reduces habitat complexity and biological diversity by leveling geologic bedforms.trawl fishing is subject to the jurisdiction of the united states. it is unlawful for any person to use a bottom trawl with rollers, bobbins, tires, rockhoppers. it is unlawful for any person to use a bottom trawl with rollers, bobbins, tires, rockhoppers. it is unlawful for any person to use a bottom trawl with rollers, bob the Secretary of Commerce may provide to a person that is the owner of a qualified fishing vessel under subsection (d) financial assistance in an amount not to exceed $4,000 per qualified fishing vessel owned by a person. the cost of converting trawl nets that are part of the fishing gear of the vessel on the date of the enactment of this Act to footrope gear that is 8 inches or less in diameter. if the person, Secretary of Commerce undertakes a program to collect and make available to Regional Fishery Management Councils, information and maps relating to the existence, location, composition, condition, and protected status. each Regional Fishery Management Council shall use the information made available by the Secretary as appropriate to make determination otherwise required by law regarding seafloor habitats that should be protected from bottom trawling, other types of fishing gear, and other types of human impacts.there are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $8,000,000 for providing gear transition assistance under section 4(a) such sums as may be necessary for making payments under section 4(b), and providing economic assistance under section 4(c), and $100,000,000 for carrying out section 5. "
1939,"<pad> summarize: the Corps of Engineers investigated the Columbia River and its tributaries. a licensee is required to compensate an Indian tribe for the use of land under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe. a federal power act federalized the Grand Coulee Dam project in 1933. the purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe. this Act provides fair and equitable compensation to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation. it was used in providing compensation for the losses suffered as a result of the construction and operation of the Grand Coulee Dam project. the term ""Administrator"" means the administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration. the term ""Confederated Tribes Act"" means the Spokane Tribe of Indians Settlement Fund Account established under section 5(a). SETTLEMENT FUND ACCOUNT is established in the Treasury an interest bearing account to be known as the ""Spokane Tribe of Indians Settlement Fund Account"" a total amount equal to 39.4 percent of the annual payment authorized to be paid to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation under section 5(b) of the Confederated Tribes Act. if not all funds described in section 5(a) are transferred to the Spokane Business Council under an initial transfer request described in paragraph (1). 75 percent shall be reserved by the Spokane Business Council. 75 percent shall be used by the Spokane Business Council to carry out a resource development program. a percentage of the payment made to the Spokane Tribe for the preceding fiscal year shall be deducted from the interest payable to the Secretary of the Treasury from net proceeds. the percentage deducted under subsection (a) shall be calculated and adjusted to ensure that the Bonneville Power Administration receives a deduction comparable to that which the Bonneville Power Administration receives.sATISFACTION OF CLAIMS paid under section 5 constitutes full satisfaction of the claim of Spokane Tribe to a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project from June 29, 1940. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. if you are able to use this information, you can use this information to make an informed decision. "
1940,"<pad> summarize: the president or any other member of the Executive Branch of the United States Government shall interfere with the transfer of conventional arms appropriate to the self-defense needs of the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina. the term ""United States arms embargo of the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina"" means the application to the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina of the policy adopted July 10, 1991, under the heading ""Suspension of Munitions Export License senate approves and approves the use of United States airpower. senate supports as a policy objective a peace settlement. senate supports as a policy objective an economically, politically and militarily viable bosnian state capable of exercising its rights."
1941,<pad> summarize: a taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply with respect to an individual for any taxable year if such an election is in effect under this section for a taxable year. the term <unk> qualified tuition and related expenses' means tuition and fees required for the enrollment or attendance of the taxpayer. the term <unk> undergraduate education expenses' means the qualified tuition and related expenses paid by the taxpayer during a taxable year for an individual enrolled in an undergraduate
1942,<pad> summarize: sally kohn: if u.s. is a long-standing power in the Asia-Pacific region. kohn: u.s. must not take a position on competing territorial claims to land features. kohn: u.s. should continue supporting efforts to strengthen its maritime security capabilities. kohn: u.s. should continue to support efforts to strengthen its maritime security capabilities.
1943,"<pad> summarize: more than 42 per cent of children in the united states who die from abuse are under the age of 1. over 82 per cent are under the age of 4. more understanding of deaths from child abuse and neglect can lead to improvement in agency systems and practices to protect children and prevent child abuse and neglect. congress in recent years has taken a number of steps to reduce child fatalities from abuse and neglect.the commission shall be composed of 12 members, of which 6 shall be appointed by the President. the commission shall be composed of 12 members, of whom 6 shall be appointed by the President. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum. a majority of the members shall constitute a quorum.the Commission shall conduct a thorough study on the use of child protective services and child welfare services funded under title IV and subtitle A of title XX of the Social Security Act to reduce fatalities from child abuse and neglect. matters studied shall include the effectiveness of the services described in paragraph (1) and best practices in preventing child and youth fatalities that are intentionally caused or that occur due to negligence, neglect, or a failure to exercise proper care. the Commission shall review all the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this Act. the location of hearings under paragraph (1) shall include areas with high fatality rates from child abuse and neglect. areas that have shown a decrease in fatalities from child abuse and neglect.the members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. the Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel. appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to perform TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. the Commission shall terminate on the earlier of the 30th day. or the date that is 3 years after the initial meeting under section 3(d).... federal AGENCY RESPONSE submits to congress a report containing the response of the Federal agency to the recommendation. not later than 6 months after the submission of the report required under section 4(d), any Federal agency that is affected by a recommendation described in the report shall submit to Congress a report.Section 403(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 USC. 603(b)(2)) is amended by striking ""for fiscal years 2011 and 2012"" a total of $612,000,000 for each fiscal fiscal year will not exceed $612,000,000 for each fiscal year."
1944,"<pad> summarize: PURPOSE aims to provide ongoing, intensive professional development to superintendents, principals and prospective superintendents and principals. principals and principals serve in high-poverty, low-performing school districts and schools. grants to eligible consortia to establish professional development programs described in paragraph (2). grants to eligible consortia may be used to establish or expand a leadership development program described in subparagraph (b) a consortium may also include one or more additional local educational agencies, (B) State educational agencies."
1945,"<pad> summarize: congress is hopeful that by restructuring NASA we can make the Agency less political and more professional so that visionary NASA scientists, engineers, and astronauts will continue to inspire future generations. PURPOSE. this Act is to ensure that the American space program will always be the best in the world.Section 20111 of title 51 is amended in subsection (a) by striking ""Administrator. There is established"" and inserting ""Administrator. In general. there shall be"" in subsection (b) by striking ""Administrator. There shall be"" and inserting ""Administrator. In general. there shall be"" a board of directors shall be established in accordance with this section. the Board shall consist of 11 members to be appointed as follows: 3 members shall be appointed by the President. 1 member shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. the proposed budget submitted by the president for each fiscal year will include a description and a detailed justification. the proposed budget will include a description and a detailed justification for any differences between the President's proposed budget and the budget provided by the Board of Directors under section 20118(j)(1).Section 20142 of title 51, United States Code, is amended in the section heading. the item relating to section 201 of title 51, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ""20142. long term contracting."""
1946,"<pad> summarize: a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum. a lesser number of members may hold hearings. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum. a majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings.the Commission shall conduct a thorough study of matters relating to the military facility structure of the United States overseas. it shall assess the number of forces required to be forward based outside the united states. the study will include a proposal for an overseas basing strategy for the department of defense in order to meet the current and future mission of the Department of Defense. the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this Act. Upon request of the Chairman of the Commission, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis.all members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the united states shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their services as officers or employees of the United States. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission under this Act. members and staff of the Commission, and any experts and consultants, shall possess security clearances appropriate for their duties with the Commission under this Act. the secretary of defense assumes responsibility for the handling and disposition of any information relating to the national security of the united states that is received, considered, or used. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. 45 days after the date on which the Commission submits its report under section 3. the Commission shall terminate 45 days after the date on which the Commission submits its report. there is authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 to carry out this Act. the amount authorized to be appropriated by subsection (a) shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until September 2005. the amount authorized to be appropriated by subsection (a) shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until September 2005. "
1947,<pad> summarize: section 353(f)(4)(B)(iv) of the Public Health Service Act is amended. requirements that each clinical laboratory ensure that all individuals involved in screening and interpreting cytological preparations at the laboratory participate annually in a continuing medical education program in gynecologic cytology that is approved by the Accrediting Council for Continuing Medical Education or the American Academy of Continuing Medical Education. gynecologic
1948,"<pad> summarize: a qualified biogas production credit is an amount equal to the product of $4.27. the term 'biogas' means a gas derived by processing a qualified energy feedstock. the term 'qualified energy feedstock' includes poultry, cattle, sheep, swine, goats, horses, mules, and other equines."
1949,"<pad> summarize: u.s. imposes economic sanctions against Iran that prohibit trade and investment activities. u.s. doesn't prohibit foreign subsidiaries from investing in Iran if the foreign subsidiary is independent. u.s. is conducting a criminal investigation into if u.s. companies have violated any law.u.s. policy to enforce fully existing economic sanctions imposed against Iran. sanctions imposed on persons that make certain investments that contribute to Iran's ability to develop and exploit its petroleum and natural gas resources. u.s. policy is to enforce fully existing economic sanctions imposed against Iran.the term ""controlled in fact"" includes with respect to a corporation, the holding of at least 50 percent of the capital structure of the corporation. the term ""energy sector"" means any research, exploration, development, production, sale, distribution, or advertising of natural gas, oil, or petroleum resources or nuclear power. the term ""State"" means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the the Secretary of the Treasury shall publish in the Federal Register a list of each United States person or each person that is controlled in fact by a United States person that maintains any direct or indirect investment in the energy sector in Iran. list of each foreign person that owned investments in the energy sector in Iran with a total value of more than $1,000,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date of the publication in the Federal Register. list of any United States person that holds a foreign country is governed by a foreign country. the president is acting through the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State or the head of any other appropriate Federal department or agency. he will undertake negotiations with the government of a foreign country. he will prohibit any direct or indirect investment in the energy sector. section 13(b) of the IRAN and LIBYA SANCTIONS Act of 1996 is amended by striking ""10"" and inserting ""15"" section 13(b) is amended by striking ""10"" and inserting ""15"" "
1950,"<pad> summarize: Section 1 of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in national environmental and Native American Public Policy Act of 1992 is amended. it reads as follows. ""it's a good thing to do,"" says udall. ""This Act may be cited as the <unk> Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act'""......... a new section 3 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended. the foundation has operated exceptional scholarship, internship, and fellowship programs. the foundation has provided valuable environmental conflict resolution services and leadership. section 4 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended in paragraph 1. in paragraph 9: ""Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy"" and ""and Stewart L. Udall"" section 5 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended in section heading. in subsection (a), by striking ""scholarship and excellence in national environmental policy"" and inserting ""and stewart l. udall"" section 7 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended in subsection (a)(5) in subparagraph (C), by striking ""and"" at the end. and by adding at the end: to conduct training, research, and other activities under section 6(7). <unk> Udall Scholars', <unk> Udall Fellows' and <unk> Udall Interns' section 8 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended in the section heading. it is amended by striking ""scholarship and excellence in national environmental policy"" and inserting ""and stewart l. udall""section 9(a) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended. it includes a reasonable amount for official reception and representation expenses, as determined by the Board, not to exceed $5,000 for a fiscal year. section 11 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended by adding at the end: Agency Management or Control. use of the Foundation or Institute to provide independent and impartial assessment, mediation, or other dispute or conflict resolution under this section shall not be considered to be the establishment or use of an advisory committee within the meaning of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. section 12(a) of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended. appoint such personnel as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. and fix the compensation of the personnel appointed under subparagraph (A) at a rate not to exceed the maximum rate for employees in grade GS-15 of the General Schedule.section 13 of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act is amended in subsection (a), by striking ""is authorized to be appropriated to the Trust Fund such sums as are necessary"" there are authorized to be appropriated to the Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund established under section 10(a) such sums as are necessary for the operating costs of the Institute"" "
1951,"<pad> summarize: an entity offering a health plan may not take any of the following actions against a health care provider on the basis of a medical communication. termination or refusal to renew a contract with a health care provider is prohibited under paragraph (1). the term ""medical communication"" means any communication relating to the mental or physical health care needs or treatment of a patient. a state may establish or enforce requirements with respect to the subject matter of this section."
1952,"<pad> summarize: 'excessive fuel cost' means, with respect to any creditable fuel. a farmer's renewable energy credit determined under this section is an amount equal. 'excessive fuel cost' means, with respect to any creditable fuel."
1953,"<pad> summarize: no state or political subdivision thereof shall enact or enforce any law, rule, regulation, standard or other provision. a motor carrier providing pre-arranged ground transportation service meets all applicable licensing requirements. the term 'intermediate stop' means a pause in the transportation. the driver providing the transportation does not, before resuming the transportation. section 13102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (17), (18), (19), (20), (21), and (22) as paragraphs (18), (19), (22), (23), and (24), respectively. the term 'pre-arranged ground transportation service' means transportation in a motor vehicle with a seating capacity of not more than 8 passengers."
1954,"<pad> summarize: section 418 of the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended. the term 'food safety laboratory' means an establishment that analyzes or tests samples of imported food to ensure the safety of such food. a food safety laboratory or sampling service certified under section 418 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).CERTIFICATION OF FOOD IMPORTERS is amended by adding at the end. a foreign facility or foreign country requesting a certification to import food to the United States must demonstrate that food produced under the supervision of the foreign facility or foreign country has met standards for food safety, inspection, labeling, and consumer protection. the secretary may obtain a certification by the Secretary stating that the country has in effect and is enforcing food safety section 419 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended. the Secretary develops and maintains a Website with public information relating to federal food standards and best practice requirements for food preparation. the Secretary will utilize the resources of the fda and the centers for disease control and prevention to carry out this subsection. Chapter IV of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act is amended. no employee may be harassed, prosecuted, held liable or discriminated against in any way. the process and procedures with respect to prohibited discrimination under subsection (a) shall be governed by the applicable provisions of section 31105 of title 49, United States Code. paragraph (1) of section 417(a) is amended by adding at the end: Individual analysis or test. if individual analysis or test produces a result suggesting that the article is reportable food, the responsible party shall send a notice within 24 hours to the Food and Drug Administration containing the results of such analysis or test for review consistent with subsection (2). if any individual analysis or test produces a result suggesting that the article is not reportable, the responsible party section 301 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended. section 417 is amended by adding at the end: ""the violation of an order to recall food under section 417A"" the secretary may request an establishment to initiate a recall. action by the Secretary is necessary to protect the public health.there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal years 2010 through 2014. there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act."
1955,"<pad> summarize: the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Higher Education Act of 1965. if in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made.the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of section 402A(b)(2) is amended by striking ""sections 402D(a)"" and inserting ""sections 402D(a)"" for any fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve not more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this section for College Completion Challenge Grants in accordance with this subsection. a recipient of a grant under this subsection may use those funds to"
1956,"<pad> summarize: the terms ""Administration"" and ""Administrator"" mean the Small Business Administration and the Administrator thereof, respectively. the term ""program"" means the loan program under section 502(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.Section 502 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1). if applicable, section 502(b)(1)(B) shall apply to any loan authorized under that subparagraph. each report under paragraph (1) shall contain information gathered during the first 2 years of the program, including an evaluation of the timeliness of the implementation of the program. ii) the total amount loaned to small child care businesses under section 502 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. iv) the average amount and term of loans to small child care businesses under section 502 of that Act. enactment of this Act is governed by section 502(b)(1)(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. enactment of this Act is required by the Administrator. if approved, the Administrator will issue final rules to carry out the loan program."
1957,"<pad> summarize: section 472(a)(2) of the social security act is amended by striking ""or (B)"" and inserting ""(B)"" an Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary such information as the Indian tribe considers relevant to the calculation of the per capita income of the Indian tribe based on the service population of the Indian tribe as defined in section 471(a)(10). if an Indian tribe is not operating a program under section 471(a"
1958,"<pad> summarize: gloria borger: i would like to repeal sections 2, 3 and 6 of the Neutrality Act of 1939. she says the president authorized the president to arm or permit a ship. she says the war shipping administration was charged with building or purchasing the ships. borger: i would like to know if i would be able to arm a ship. if an individual performs active duty service, the Secretary of Defense may provide such recognition. the individual may provide such recognition on the basis of applicable records submitted by the individual. if an individual seeks such recognition, he may provide such testimony. "
1959,"<pad> summarize: the chairperson shall review all programs administered by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. each federal department, agency, and independent establishment in the Executive branch shall use such programs in furtherance of the purposes of this Act. the head of each Federal department, agency, and independent establishment in the Executive branch shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure that no financial company is able to pose a systemic risk to the health of the United States economy by becoming"
1960,"<pad> summarize: redevelopment of industrial properties in distressed communities may not be available. redevelopment programs spur private sector cleanups if property value is sufficient. but this approach does not resolve the problems facing properties with little or no value, common among sites located in economically distressed areas. epa must establish or expand revolving loan fund for voluntary cleanups of eligible facilities. state may use interest income or loan repayments for program administrative purposes. revolving loan program will provide loans to both public and private parties conducting voluntary cleanups.a facility in a state that is determined to have environmental contamination. the term ""eligible facility"" is limited in scope and can be comprehensively and readily evaluated. a facility that, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, is subject to federal enforcement action. a facility included, or proposed for inclusion, on the National Priorities List."
1961,"<pad> summarize: federal government's goal is to provide 40 per cent of the national current average per pupil expenditure. this Act provides 40 per cent of the national current average per pupil expenditure. it is to make such funding mandatory. if a child is a child with disabilities. Section 611 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is amended by striking subsection (j) Section 611 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is further amended by striking subsection (j). the amendments will take effect on October 1, 2003."
1962,<pad> summarize:......................... a vacancy in the Board shall not impair the power of the Board to act. a vacancy in the Board shall not impair the power of the Board to act. a vacancy in the Board shall not impair the power of the Board to act. a vacancy in the Board shall not impair the power of the Board to act.
1963,"<pad> summarize: the term ""law enforcement officer"" has the meaning given in section 3673 of title 18. the term ""law enforcement officer"" has the meaning given in section 901(a) of title I. the term ""state"" has the meaning given in section 901(a) of title I.a state that fails to comply with subsection (a) shall be subject to a 10-percent reduction of funds that would otherwise otherwise be allocated for that fiscal year to the State under this part. a state that fails to comply with subsection (a) shall be subject to a 20-percent reduction of funds that would otherwise otherwise be allocated for that fiscal year to the State under this part. a state that fails to comply with section 3(a) of"
1964,<pad> summarize: there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who makes a single return jointly with his spouse under section 6013. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse a tax determined in accordance with the following table. there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every married individual who does not make a single return jointly with his spouse
1965,"<pad> summarize: one in every 6 people in the u.s. lacked health insurance in 2004. medicare program under title XVIII provided health insurance to 41,700,000 elderly and disabled Americans in 2004. medicaid program under title XIX provided health care for 55,000,000 low-income children and their parents, pregnant women, and low-income elderly individuals in 2004. federal and state government expenditures for both programs were approximately $606,000,000,000 in 2004 PURPOSE is to establish a National Commission on Health Care to examine and report on factors leading to the rising costs of health care for individuals and businesses participating in employer-based health insurance and the rising health care expenditures for public health care programs.ESTABLISHMENT is established in the legislative branch the national commission on health care. there is also a judicial system based in the national commission on health care. ESTABLISHMENT is based in the legislative branch. ESTABLISHMENT is established in the legislative branch. 1 member shall be appointed by the leader of the Senate of the Democratic Party. 2 members shall be appointed by the senior member of the Senate leadership of the Republican Party. not more than 5 members of the Commission shall be from the same political party.study investigates relevant facts and experiences relating to health care. study aims to investigate the impact of the rising costs of health care. iii) health insurance premium increases on health care coverage for businesses and individuals.the Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission determines appropriate for the purposes of carrying out this Act. information will only be received, handled, stored, and disseminated by members of the Commission and its staff consistent with all applicable statutes, regulations, and executive orders.appointment and compensation may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions without regard to the provisions of title 5, united states code. no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. a detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of the detailee's regular employment without interruption. each member may be compensated at a rate not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5 of title 5, United States Code. members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses.the Commission may submit to the president and Congress interim reports. final report containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures agreed to a majority of Commission members. termination. in general. The Commission, and all the authorities of this Act, shall terminate 60 days after the date on which the final report is submitted under subsection (b).amounts made available to the Commission under subsection (a) shall remain available until termination of the Commission. amounts made available under subsection (a) shall remain available until the termination of the Commission. amounts made available under subsection (a) shall remain available until the termination of the Commission."
1966,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 917 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is amended by striking ""renewable"" and inserting ""covered"" in paragraph (4) by striking ""renewable"" and inserting ""covered"" in paragraph (7) by striking ""renewable"" and inserting ""covered"""
1967,"<pad> summarize: vested federal powers in three coequal branches of government. each with unique and limited powers and each with a coequal duty to uphold and sustain the Constitution of the united states. a supreme court justice said the doctrine of the separation of powers was adopted by the convention of 1787.the War Powers Resolution is repealed. termination shall not affect any action taken or proceeding pending not finally concluded or determined on such date. the term ""national emergency"" means a general declaration of emergency made by the President or any other officer or employee of the executive branch.a Presidential order which does not include the statement required by subsection (a) is invalid. a Presidential order which does not include the statement required by subsection (a) is invalid. a congressional enactment grants the President the authority claimed for such action. a Presidential order does not constitute nor has force of law. a Presidential order does not apply to a reprieve or pardon for an offense against the united states. a Presidential order citing the specific congressional enactment relied upon for the authority exercised in such order and issued pursuant to such authority. a Presidential order citing the specific congressional enactment relied upon. if challenged Presidential order inffringes on power granted to the president. if challenged Presidential order inffringes on power granted to the president. if enactment violates section 4 it violates section 4 because it doesn't state the statutory authority.""Presidential order"" means any executive order, Presidential proclamation, or Presidential directive. any other executive action purporting to have normative effect outside executive branch. the term ""Presidential or Executive order"" means any Executive order, Presidential proclamation or Presidential directive."
1968,<pad> summarize: a claim under this chapter shall be filed within 4 years of the date on which reimbursable cost was incurred. the office may design a benefits package or packages and negotiate final offerings with qualified carriers. the office may design a benefits package or packages and negotiate final offerings with qualified carriers. amendments to this Act will take effect on the date of enactment of this act. no coverage may be effective until the first day of the first pay period in October. this is followed by more than 1 year the date of enactment of this Act.
1969,"<pad> summarize: section 257(c) of the balanced budget and emergency deficit control Act of 1985 is amended in paragraph (1). it is striking everything that follows ""current year,"" and inserting ""excluding resources designated as an emergency requirement and any resources provided in supplemental appropriation laws.""Section 1105(a)(12) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows. Section 1105(a)(18) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ""new budget authority and"" before ""budget outlays"" Section 1109(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraph (37) following paragraph (38) as paragraph (39)Section 301(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is further amended in paragraph (1). the joint resolution shall be accompanied by a document comparing budgetary levels pending before the committee. in subparagraph (E), by striking ""and"" after the semicolon. and by adding at the end: a comparison of levels for the current fiscal year with proposed spending and revenue levels. Section 202(e)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by inserting ""compared to comparable levels for the current year"" before the comma at the end of subparagraph (A) and before the comma at the end of subparagraph (a)"
1970,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Allegheny National Forest, Pennsylvania. administrative sites remanded. a total of 500,000 people have been remanded. a total of 500,000 people have been remandeded. Conveyance of Sheffield Ranger District Headquarters, Warren County, Pennsylvania.................Conveyance of Ridgeway Ranger District Headquarters, Elk County, Pennsylvania................Marienville Ranger Residence, Forest County, Pennsylvania....................disposition of funds........................ administration of land acquired by united states. land acquired by united states.. u.s.. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. conveyances authorities have a relationship with other conveyances authorities. if you have a conveyance, you can contact the conveyances authority on e-mail if you have a conveyance. if you have a conveyance. the secretary of agriculture may convey, by sale or exchange, any and all rights, title, and interest of the United States in and to the following National Forest System lands and administrative sites in the Allegheny National Forest, in Pennsylvania. the maps shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service until the lands are disposed of pursuant to this section. if a conflict between a map description and the the map referred to in subsection (a) is the primary description of the lands to which the map refers. the map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service until the lands are disposed of.the secretary of agriculture may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to US Tract 904, consisting of 8.812 acres. the maps referred to in subsection (a) is the primary description of the lands to which the maps refer. the maps shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service until the lands are disposed.the map referred to in subsection (a) is the primary description of the lands to which the map refers. the map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Chief of the Forest Service until the lands are disposed. funds deposited under subsection (a) shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, for the acquisition, construction, or improvement of administrative facilities and sites. condition on land acquisition. the market value may not exceed 125 percent of the market value of the lands disposed of under this Act.land acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture under section 6(b) or by exchange under section 2 shall be managed by the Secretary in accordance with the Act of March 1, 1911 and other laws and regulations relating to National Forest system lands. land authorized for disposal shall not be subject to subchapters II and III of title 40, United States Code. if approved by the house of reps, land will not be subject to subchapters II and III of title 40. "
1971,<pad> summarize:.........................'qualified energy efficiency property' means any property which achieves a minimum energy savings of 50 percent or more compared to a reference building which meets the minimum requirements of standard 90.1-2001. a qualified building achieves a minimum energy savings of 50 percent or more in comparison to a reference building which meets the minimum requirements of standard 90.1-2001.
1972,"<pad> summarize: the department of defense has attempted to implement competitive sourcing of services at military medical facilities despite the fact that doing so provides no improvement in the efficiency or effectiveness of such services. paragraph (1) shall not apply to any action at a medical facility of the Department of Defense if the Secretary of Defense certifies to Congress that not initiating such action during such period would have a negative impact on provision of services at such military medical facility. if the Armed Forces are involved in a major military conflict at the time the President submits the budget to Congress for a fiscal year. paragraph (1) shall not apply if the President certifies to Congress that submitting a total aggregate amount allocated for medical services is in the national interest. recommendations include the transfer of medical services from Walter Reed Army Medical Center to the National Naval Medical Center at Bethesda and at Fort Belvoir. they do not adequately provide for housing for the families of wounded members of the Armed Forces who will receive treatment at such new medical facilities. the recommended closure of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center has impaired the ability of the Secretary of Defense to attract the personnel required to provide proper medical services at such medical center.congress makes findings based on u.s. case managers. they are important for scheduling appointments and making sure recovering servicemembers get the care they need. u.s. lawmaker slams u.s. case managers as a'recovering servicemember'many members of the Armed Forces deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan have brain injuries. in many cases, such injuries are not diagnosed because there is no external indication of such injury. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs carries out programs to screen all recent combat veterans for traumatic brain injury upon the return of each such member.electronic transfer of medical records of members of the Armed Forces would be prudent. electronic communication between medical records management systems required. not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall begin any activities required to meet the requirements of paragraph (1). in the next five years, the Department of Veterans Affairs will add hundreds of thousands of new veterans to the medical records management systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs. many veterans will have multiple medical care needs caused by complex medical conditions. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall determine what actions are required to ensure that the needs described in subsection (b) are satisfied. the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the assessment required in subsection (b) and the determination required"
1973,<pad> summarize: section 4973 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end of paragraph (4). a Catastrophe Savings Account shall be exempt from taxation under this subtitle. the term 'catastrophe Savings Account' means a trust created or organized in the united states for the exclusive benefit of an individual or his beneficiaries.
1974,"<pad> summarize: the term ""master teacher"" has the meaning given in section 14101 of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. the term ""local educational agency"" has the meaning given the term in section 14101 of the elementary and secondary education Act of 1965. the term ""master teacher"" means a teacher who has been teaching for at least 5 years."
1975,"<pad> summarize: short title. Table of contents. brief title. Table of contents. short title. short title. short title. short title. Table of contents. table of contents.. short title. short title. Findings.com........................ Definitions........................OASIS Task Force (OTF) is based in switzerland. OASIS Task Force (OTF) is based in switzerland. OASIS Task Force (OTF) is based in switzerland. Elimination of mandatory requirement to collect Outcomes Assessment and Information Set (OASIS) data from certain individuals. OASIS data is collected from certain individuals based on outcomes assessment and information sets. OASIS is based on OASIS data. claims review process for dually-eligible medicare and medicaid beneficiaries receiving home health services. improving the claims review process for dually-eligible beneficiaries receiving home health services. a review of the claims review process is ongoing. Claims Review and Audit Task Force (CRATF). CRATF is a task force to review and audit claims based on a report compiled by cnn. a report by cnn's emily emman reveals that craig's craig is a craig.Implementation of Task Force recommendations. task force recommendations are based on a report from the u.s. et............ 61 minutes more than the amount of time required to comply with OASIS requirement. the average additional time required for a home health agency is 61 minutes more than the amount of time to comply with such requirement estimated by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. many nurses and home health aides are leaving the home health care profession.the term ""comprehensive assessment of patients"" means the rule published by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services that requires a home health agency to provide a patient-specific comprehensive assessment that accurately reflects the patient's current status. the term ""CRATF"" means the Claims Review and Audit Task Force established under section 7.the OASIS Task Force shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary as follows: 3 members shall be officers, employees, or designees of the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. 4 members shall be national home health industry representatives; 4 members shall be patient advocates. 6 months after enactment of this Act, Secretary promulgates regulation revising data collection requirements. OASIS standard is used as part of the comprehensive assessment of patients. it is used as part of the comprehensive assessment of patients to make the use of such data collection requirements optional.the Secretary shall review each regulation relating to the demand billing process. it applies to individuals who are both medicare beneficiaries and medicaid beneficiaries. it allows for the determination of coverage of home health services under the medicare program with respect to a patient not later than the date that is 3 weeks after the date on which the patient is admitted to the home health agency. CRATF shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary. 5 members shall be officers or employees of the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. 6 members shall be national home health industry representatives. appoint the members of the CRATF not later than the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. the CRATF shall conduct a study on the processes and policies used to review medical claims submitted by home health not later than the date on which the Secretary receives the report submitted under section 4(d)(2), the Secretary shall promulgate a regulation in accordance with section 1871 of the Social Security Act revising the regulations relating to the comprehensive assessment of patients in order to implement the recommendations of the CRATF contained in such report."
1976,"<pad> summarize:......................... taxable debt obligations originated by State, local, and private sector entities. the secretary of energy may provide credit support to portfolios of taxable debt obligations. the term ""credit support"" means direct loans, letters of credit, loan guarantees, and insurance products."
1977,"<pad> summarize: the public and Congress are concerned that overseas exchange transactions are not being adequately reviewed by any regulatory body. an important Federal overseer of commodity speculation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, has staffing levels that have dropped to the lowest levels in the 33-year history of the Commission.section 2(a)(7) is amended by adding at least 100 full-time employees. at least 100 full-time employees will be appoint. appoint at least 100 full-time employees to increase transparency. foreign boards of trade apply comparable principles or requirements relating to a designated contract market, derivatives transaction execution facility or other registered entity trading energy commodities physically delivered in the united states. the Commission shall determine whether to continue to grant relief in accordance with paragraph (1) to any foreign board of trade located outside of the United States. section 4 of the Commodity Exchange Act is amended by adding at the end: Disaggregation of Index Funds and data in energy markets. the Commission shall disaggregate and make public monthly the number of positions and total value of index funds and other passive, long-only positions in energy markets. "
1978,"<pad> summarize: amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. Section 514. LIMITATION ON PERCENTAGE DEPLETION ALLOWANCE FOR OIL AND GAS WELLS. the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. Section 515. REPEAL OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF DEEP WATER AND DEEP GAS ROYALTY"
1979,"<pad> summarize: Congress enacted legislation directing the Secretary of the Interior to prepare a comprehensive study of significant sites and structures associated with Civil War battles in the Shenandoah Valley. the preservation and interpretation of these sites will make a vital contribution to the understanding of the heritage of the United States.the purposes of this Act are to preserve, conserve, enhance and interpret the legacy of the Civil War in the Shenandoah Valley. recognize and interpret important events and geographic locations representing key Civil War battles in the Shenandoah Valley. create partnerships among federal, state, and local governments and their regional entities to preserve, conserve, enhance and interpret the nationally significant battlefields and related sites associated with the Civil War in the Shenandoah ""battlefields"" means the shenandoah Valley National Battlefields established under section 5. ""historic core"" means the area surrounding each unit of the battlefields. ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the shenandoah Valley National Battlefields is established in the Commonwealth of Virginia. the battlefields consist of 1,863 acres of lands and interests therein. the map referred to in paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection. plan includes recommendations of potential boundary modifications to the battlefields. recommendations include modifications to the boundaries of the historic core of each unit. provisions for the management, protection, and interpretation of the natural, cultural, and historical resources of the historic core areas.the Secretary may establish partnerships and enter into cooperative agreements relating lands and interests therein within the battlefields and historic core areas. historic monuments and tablets commemorating the battles have been erected prior to the date of enactment of this Act. the Secretary may make funds available for the maintenance, protection, and interpretation.the Secretary may award grants and provide technical assistance to property owners to provide for the preservation and interpretation of the natural, cultural, and historical resources within the battlefields and historic core areas. if the Commission finds that any such plan, guideline, regulation, ordinance, or document or the implementation thereof is no longer consistent with the protection of the historic character of the battlefields and historic core areas. if the Commission finds that any such plan, guideline, regulation, or document the shenandoah Valley National Battlefields Commission shall be composed of 19 members. members will be appointed by the Secretary as follows: 5 members representing local governments of communities in the vicinity of the battlefields. 1 member who is a recognized historian with expertise in Civil War history.the Commission shall develop the plan referred to in section 6 in consultation with the Secretary. he advises the Secretary on the administration of the battlefields. he assists the Commonwealth of Virginia, or any political subdivision thereof, or any nonprofit organization, in the management, protection, and interpretation of the natural, cultural and historical resources.no more than $250,000 may be appropriated for the establishment and operation of the Commission. Availability of Funds. Funds made available under subsection shall remain available until expended. passed the Senate June 8, 1994."
1980,"<pad> summarize: a single report containing an integrated justification for all foreign assistance programs for each fiscal year will be submitted to the Congress. the report will include information regarding a foreign assistance program generally. information regarding specific assistance recipients. information regarding centrally-funded programs. the information required by subparagraphs (A) through (E) shall be provided on a recipient-by-recipient basis. any committee of the Congress reporting legislation authorizing the enactment of new budget authority or providing new budget authority for foreign assistance programs shall include in the report accompanying that legislation an explanation for any change proposed by that committee. or in the amount of assistance for any specific recipient of assistance, or for any centrally-funded program, under any foreign assistance program as compared to the amount proposed by the president. ""foreign assistance program"" includes any program of assistance authorized by the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. the term ""foreign assistance program"" includes any program of grant, credit, or guaranty assistance. the term ""foreign assistance program"" includes any program of assistance authorized by the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or authorized by the African Development Foundation Act."
1981,<pad> summarize:......................... Section 77 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item. the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the day before the enactment of this Act. the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall not be construed to create any inference with respect to the interpretation of section 6672 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. the amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to failures occurring after the
1982,"<pad> summarize:......................... a committee is an authorized committee of a candidate for the office of president or for nomination to such office. the 'applicable threshold' is $50,000 in the case of a committee which is an authorized committee of a candidate for the office of president or for nomination to such office. in paragraph (7), by striking ""described in paragraph "" each place it appears and inserting ""each amount"""
1983,"<pad> summarize: construction, architectural, and engineering industries provide a valuable service in times of disasters and emergencies. construction, architectural, and engineering industries answered the call on September 11, 2001. they were faced with lawsuits as result of their voluntary efforts on behalf of their fellow citizens. granting construction contractors and architectural and engineering entities qualified immunity from liability. a construction entity or an architectural or engineering entity provides emergency construction assistance. nothing in this section shall be construed as providing immunity for gross negligence or willful misconduct. this section does not apply to liability under workers compensation laws. "
1984,"<pad> summarize: section 604 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act is amended in subsection (a)(3)(B) by inserting ""within the restrictions set forth in subsection (b)"" after ""purposes"" a person, including a prospective employer or current employer, may not use a consumer report or investigative consumer report. the prohibition described in paragraph (1) shall apply even if the consumer consents or otherwise authorizes the procurement or use of a consumer report."
1985,"<pad> summarize:.........................Section 15(g) of the Small Business Act (15 USC. 644(g)(1)) is amended by striking. the term <unk> bundled contract' means a solicitation to obtain offers for a single contract or order. if a proposed procurement is combined, the Administrator may file a challenge."
1986,"<pad> summarize: the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1995. the amendments will apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1995. the amendments will apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1995."
1987,<pad> summarize: Section 105. Increasing the minimum percentage increase in 2001. Section 106. Elimination of budget neutrality adjustment for 2001 and 2002. Section 202. Miscellaneous regulatory changes. Section 203. Effectiveness of elections and changes of elections. Section 204. Uniform premium and benefits.
1988,"<pad> summarize: institution will not be a member of a nonprofit athletic association unless such association requires concussion testing of each student athlete on the active roster of each team participating in a contactcollision sport or a limited-contactimpact sport. a formal administrative hearing, not less than one appeal, and any other due process procedure the Secretary determines to be necessary. if the deadline to appeal has been exhausted, hold in abeyance any such remedy the commission shall review and analyze intercollegiate athletics issues. vacancy on the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission. vacancy may be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. vacancy may be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made."
1989,"<pad> summarize: president obama has stated a goal of deploying 1,000,000 plug-in hybrid and electric vehicles by 2015. the united states needs to develop the electric recharging infrastructure. plug-in hybrid and electric vehicles offer a number of benefits, including emissions reductions.the term ""Plan"" means the national transportation low emissions energy plan developed under section 4. the term ""Secretary"" means the Secretary of Transportation acting in coordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.ntsb's low emissions energy plan will be developed by the secretary. the plan will project the near- and long-term need for and location of electric drive vehicle refueling infrastructure. the plan will prioritize the development of standardized public charge access ports with wireless or smart card billing capability. the Secretary may establish 4 pilot projects to demonstrate electric drive vehicles and infrastructure in rural locations. use the Plan to determine which regions of the united states are most ready to demonstrate electric vehicle infrastructure. carry out the pilot projects in different regions of the united states.AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to develop the Plan. to carry out the regional pilot projects under section 5. to carry out the regional pilot projects under section 5."
1990,"<pad> summarize: amendment or repeal of section or other provision may be made. reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision. if amendment or abrogation is expressed in terms of amendment or repeal a section or other provision. a petition is filed by an employee or group of employees alleging that 75 percent of the employees in a unit appropriate for purposes of collective bargaining have, by signing authorization cards, designated an individual or labor organization as their representative as defined in subsection (a) no individual or labor organization is currently certified or recognized as the exclusive representative of any of the employees in such unit. if the Board finds that the allegations specified in the petition filed pursuant to subparagraph (A section 6 is amended as follows. section 6 is amended to read as follows. section 6 is amended to read as follows. section 6 is amended to read as follows. if amended. if amended. if amended.the Board is authorized to make, amend, and rescind such rules and regulations. the Board shall issue regulations to implement the provisions of section 9(c)(7). the Board shall exercise its authority to promulgate rules declaring certain units to be appropriate for the purposes of collective bargaining. a rule or regulation issued by the Board with respect to the subject matter set forth in paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection shall be judicially reviewable only in"
1991,"<pad> summarize: Section 156(a) of the federal agriculture improvement and reform Act of 1996 is amended in paragraph (3). section 156(b) of the federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 USC. 7272(b)(2)) is amended by striking ""2009"" and inserting ""2015"" Section 359b of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 is amended by striking ""2008"" and inserting ""2017"" in subparagraph (b)(1) in subparagraph (A) section 359c of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 is amended by striking ""but"" after the semicolon at the end and inserting ""and"" Section 359a(3)(B) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 is repealed. Section 359a(2)(C) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 is repealed. Section 359a(2)(C) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 is repealed."
1992,"<pad> summarize: a significant proportion of youth in the u.s. lack the necessary skills to meet employer requirements for entry-level positions. john avlon: the u.s. has virtually no programs to provide support for youth in making the transition from school to gainful employment. avlon: if the united states is to become a Nation of high skills or one of declining living standards, there must be a fundamental change. the term ""youth apprenticeship program"" means a program that integrates academic instruction and work-based learning. the term provides for work-site learning and paid work experience. the term ""skilled mentor"" has the meaning provided in section 521 of the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Applied Technology Act. no later than fiscal year 1995 and in each year thereafter, each State Board that receives funds pursuant to this Act shall make grants to local educational agencies in a manner that ensures the widest possible participation among interested 11th and 12th grade students. not more than 5 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated in each year thereafter may be used for administrative expenses in carrying out the purposes of this Act.youth apprenticeship programs include occupational, technical, and academic instruction. each local educational agency that receives a grant must implement a youth apprenticeship program that Integrates occupational, technical, and academic instruction. london's youth apprenticeship programs are funded by london's london-based educational agencies based in london.the Secretary of Education shall make grants to states in a manner consistent with Part A of title I of the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Applied Technology Act for the design and implementation of youth apprenticeship programs provided for under this Act. establish, no later than January 1, 1994, no less than 3 successful youth apprenticeship programs that might serve as model programs. d) conduct studies and, no later than January 1, 1996, submit a report to the House Committee on the Secretary of Labor shall provide technical assistance to the Secretary of Education upon request. assist in the development of recommendations to be made to the House Committee on Education and Labor and the Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources. conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing national occupational standards to measure the achievement levels and mastery of skills demonstrated by students who complete youth apprenticeships. the results of this study shall be provided no later than January 1, 1995. Information Clearinghouse on youth apprenticeship programs will be established within the department of education. the clearinghouse will house information on youth apprenticeship programs. information necessary for the replication of model youth apprenticeship programs. if the clearinghouse is established, it will be able to provide information on youth apprenticeship programs. section 235(c) of the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Applied Technology Act is amended by redesignating respectively subparagraphs (G) through (N), as (H) through (O). and by inserting the following new subparagraph youth apprenticeship programs.there are authorized to be appropriated $100,000,000 for fiscal year 1994. such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 1995 through 1998 to carry out the purposes of this Act. a total of $100,000,000 has to be appropriated. "
1993,"<pad> summarize:......................... Title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 is amended by redesignating part E as part F. section 2401 and 2402 as sections 2501 and 2502, respectively. term <unk> board certified' means successful completion of all requirements to be certified by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards and has been teaching for not less than 3 years."
1994,"<pad> summarize: federal lands should be sold or exchanged based on recommendations made by the City of North Las Vegas. the Las Vegas metropolitan area is the fastest growing urban area in the u.s. this Act provides for the orderly disposal of certain Federal lands in the City of North Las Vegas, Nevada.the term ""secretary"" means the Secretary of the Interior. the term ""unit of local government"" means the City of North Las Vegas. the term ""special account"" means the account in the Treasury of the United States established under section 4(e)(1)(C).lands under the jurisdiction of the director of the Bureau of Land Management in Clark County, Nevada. lands are withdrawn from location and entry under the mining laws. lands may not be patented unless lands are patented.the term ""environmentally sensitive land"" means land or an interest in land. land acquired under this subsection may not be acquired without the consent of the owner. a special account may be used to acquire environmentally sensitive land. the secretary submits an annual report to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Resources of the House of Representatives. he will submit an annual report on all transactions under this section. he will also submit an annual report to the committee on energy and natural resources of the house of representatives. grantee may transfer reversionary interest to other non-Federal lands. transfer of reversionary interest shall only be made to lands of equal value. reversionary interest shall only be made to lands of equal value. "
1995,"<pad> summarize: DATA COLLECTION ON SEXUAL ORIENTATION AND GENDER IDENTITY is amended. the secretary shall ensure that, beginning not later than 1 year after the dissemination of standards under subsection (3), each HHS health service program and HHS health survey provides. provision and use of information. Voluntary basis. Provision of information by an individual in response to a collection pursuant to subsection shall be only on a voluntary basis."
1996,"<pad> summarize: u.s. military planning, operations, weapons development, and a long-term national security strategy are connected to sound financial controls. defense dollars are spent efficiently. to instill a culture of accountability at the Department of Defense. federal financial management of the Department of Defense has not complied with this law. federal financial reporting and audit readiness plan required by federal law. fda has not complied with this law. fda and fda have issued a financial improvement and audit readiness plan. if a Federal agency has not submitted a financial statement for the previous fiscal year, the discretionary budget authority available for each Federal agency is reduced by 5 per cent. if a Federal agency has not submitted a financial statement for the preceding fiscal year, the discretionary budget authority available for each Federal agency for such fiscal year is adjusted as provided in paragraph (2). if a Federal agency has not submitted a financial statement for the preceding fiscal year under secretary of defense (Comptroller) shall submit to Congress a report. list of each report required by law to be submitted to Congress. in the opinion of the Under Secretary, it interferes with the ability of the Department to achieve an audit of the financial statements of the Department. defense committees should not endanger the nation's troops. sally kohn: valuation of legacy assets should be simplified. kohn: it should not be construed to require or permit declassification of accounting details. "
1997,"<pad> summarize:......................... a national statistical rating organization must establish, maintain, and enforce written policies. the Commission shall not impose a requirement under paragraph (1) that prevents a nationally recognized statistical rating organization from using additional credit factors that are documented and disclosed by the organization. if there are such differences, what are the causes of such differences and how can they be alleviated. if there are such differences, what are the causes of such differences and how can they be alleviate"
1998,"<pad> summarize: section 223 of the social security act is amended in subsection (a) in paragraph (1), in the matter following subparagraph (E), in the matter following subparagraph (E), by striking ""or (ii)"" and inserting subject to paragraph (2)(B), for each month beginning with the first month during which the individual is determined to be under a disability. in any case in which clause (ii) of paragraph (1) of this subsection is applicable,"
1999,"<pad> summarize: ""comittee"" means the Advisory Committee on Telecommunications Policy established under section 10. the term ""Deputy Director"" means the Deputy Director of the Office appointed under section 5(b). the term ""Director"" means the Director of the Office appointed under section 5(a).ESTABLISHMENT is established in the Executive Office of the President the Office of Telecommunications policy. there is hereby established in the Executive Office of the President the Office of Telecommunications policy. ESTABLISHMENT.the Office, acting through the Director, shall take such action as may be necessary to provide for the preparation of national telecommunications policy options. (4) act as the arbiter of disputes and differences which may arise between or among Government agencies relating to telecommunications matters. (5) monitor the development of new telecommunications technologies, study the effects of new telecommunications facilities, services, and systems.the Deputy Director shall be paid at a rate equal to the rate of basic pay payable from time to time for level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. the Deputy Director shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Director may prescribe. the Deputy Director may appoint not more than two full-time professional staff members who shall perform such duties as the Director may direct. the Director shall exercise all the executive and administrative functions of the Office. additional authority may be delegated to the Deputy Director or to any other employee of the Office. the Director may obtain services as authorized in section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, at rates not to exceed the daily rate prescribed for GS-18. Advisory Committee on telecommunications policy will be formed by the director. members include representatives of various segments of the telecommunications industry, labor organizations involved in such industry, public interest and consumer organizations. the Committee shall provide advice and recommendations on matters referred to it by the Director and on such other matters relating to the functions of the Director. the director shall make a report to the president for submission to the congress relating to the activities of the Office during the preceding fiscal year. each report made by the Director under subsection shall describe actions taken in connection with the preparation of national telecommunications policies in accordance with section 4(1), (2) identify and analyze emerging trends in telecommunications. and include such other information as the Director considers appropriate.the provisions of this Act shall take effect ninety days after the date of the enactment of this Act. the provisions shall take effect ninety days after the date of the enactment of this Act. "
